Social sharing service Social deadpool,microblogging,social,webhooks, Google Buzz is a new way to share updates, photos, videos and more, and start conversations about the things you find interesting. The core platform extends from Google Gmail. The Buzz API provides a wide variety of open standards for developers including: Atom, AtomPub, Activity Streams, PubSubHubbub, OAuth, MediaRSS, Salmon, the Social Graph API, PortableContacts, and WebFinger.
Desktop music player Music deadpool,desktop,music, Developer SDK for Yahoo Music Engine.
Single Sign-In/Registration Service Social authentication,facebook,OpenID,social,Twitter, Gigya wraps all popular social networks into a single interface. Its API provides a way to register/login users through many other sites, retrieve profile data, access a user&#039;s &quot;friends graph&quot; and more. Gigya has a Client API (JavaScript or ActionScript3) for integration into website and Flash applications and a REST API for server side and smart client applications.
Guardly is a mobile personal safety service that empowers people to alert, connect and collaborate with local authorities as well as their own personal safety networks in a single tap.  null messaging,mobile,security,social, Guardly is a mobile personal safety service that empowers people to alert, connect and collaborate with local authorities as well as their own personal safety networks in a single tap. 
Community driven open knowledge database Reference database,deadpool,reference,wiki, From their site: CKAN is the Comprehensive Knowledge Archive Network, a registry of open knowledge packages and projects. CKAN is the place to search for open knowledge resources as well as register your own. CKAN has a wiki-like interface that lets anyone add and correct packages. Examples of existing entries include a set of Shakespeare&#039;s works, a global population density database, the voting records of UK MPs, or 30 years of US patents. Those familiar with freshmeat, CPAN or PyPI can think of CKAN as providing an analogous service for open knowledge. CKAN is developed and maintained by the Open Knowledge Foundation.
Online event ticketing and promotion service Events deadpool,events,tickets, AttendStar is an online event ticketing and promotion service. AttendStar allows users to create, promote, and sell tickets online, collect buyer information, access reports on sales, and scan tickets at the events.  The AttendStar API allows developers to access and integrate the data and functionality of AttendStar with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include searching and managing events, accessing event information, and searching and managing tickets and ticket information.
Application backend service Backend application,baas,backend,messaging,mobile, Tambur.io provides backend messaging solutions for mobile and web applications. Developers can build applications and use features such as messaging from Tambur.io in their applications.  The Tambur.io API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Tabur.io with other applications and create applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: https://www.tambur.io/.
Image processing and analysis service Photos analysis,image,photo, 6px is an API that provides image processing and analysis services. It is hosted on a scalable infrastructure and comes with SDKs written for PHP, Python, Ruby, iOS, Android, Node.js, and Javascript. Users must sign up with 6px to access further information, and the 6px service is still in beta.
Canadian business listings service Search business,canada,local,places,reference,search, Yellow API is an application programming interface that allows you to stream top Canadian local search content into your applications. Using the database of over 1.5 million business listings and associated rich content, users can provide dynamic local business data to customers without the need for their own directory.
Government spending database Government government,tax,uk, Where Does My Money Go is a UK-based open government site from the Open Knowledge Foundation. It aims to make government finances much easier to explore and understand. The Where Does My Money Go API provides access to the site&#039;s datasets via its REST-based JSON API.
Affiliate marketing service Shopping affiliate,shopping, PopShops is a tool to help affiliates find and promote products on their websites that will earn them commissions. An affiliate network is a trusted third party that provides tracking for affiliate transactions for multiple merchants.
Corporation accountability research service Other advocacy,nonprofit, CorpWatch is a non-profit organization that uses investigative research and journalism to expose corporate malfeasance and to advocate for multinational corporate accountability and transparency.   The CorpWatch API uses automated parsers to extract the subsidiary relationship information from Exhibit 21 of companies&#039; 10-K filings with the SEC and provides a free, well-structured interface for programs to query and process the data. Using the API users can access hundreds of thousands of formal names of public corporations, a consistent ID system for companies, locations associated with companies, subsidiary/parent relationships between companies, alternate and former names for companies and a link to the SEC filing. The API uses a RESTful interface and responses are formatted in either XML or JSON.
Website bug tracking service Other bug,code,tracking, BugHerd is a bug tracking service that allows users to report and describe, assign, and track bugs. BugHerd essentially becomes an invisible part of a customer&#039;s website where only administrators can see the functionality to report bugs within the website.  The BugHerd API allows developers to access and integrate the data and functionality of BugHerd. Some example API methods include listing, creating, and managing projects, listing users, listing and creating comments, and listing, creating, and managing tasks.
User management service for AWS Other account,cloud,management, AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) is a web service that enables Amazon Web Services (AWS) customers to manage Users and User permissions under their AWS Account. With it users can access features such as listing all users, retrieving documents for specified users and creating access keys.   AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) enables developers to create and manage Users under the umbrella of their AWS Account. IAM is used in conjunction with other AWS products to control access to the AWS resources within an AWS Account. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Semantic meaning service Other blog,deadpool,semantic, The secret sauce behind Popego, the meaningtool API lets you extract semantic classification information from any phrase you submit. 
Stock index information service Financial finance,stock, You can use XigniteIndexComponents to get the list of securities and weightings that comprise the stock indices.
Web solution for photographers Photos deadpool,photo, Online photo sharing site PhotoShelter is a paid web and portfolio hosting site for professional photographers and serious amateurs. The PhotoShelter API v1.1 allows programmers to integrate other applications with PhotoShelter through the use of remote calls. For example, it would be possible to develop a &quot;plug-in&quot; to an image editing program to export files to PhotoShelter directly.
Document translation service Tools editing,machine,Translation, Translator Toolkit is a WYSIWYG editor that enables translators to bring a human touch to machine translation through translation search, bilingual dictionaries, and custom terminology databases. Users can share their translations with other users and download others&#039; translations onto their own desktop.  The Google Translator Toolkit Data API allows client applications to access and update translation-related data programmatically. This includes translation document, translation memory, and glossary data stored with Google Translator Toolkit.
Music and sound search service Music deadpool,music,search, With the Freesound API you can browse, search, and retrieve information about Freesound users, packs, and the sounds themselves of course. Currently, the API is read only. Features for uploading sounds may be added in the future. Freesound is a collaborative database of creative-commons licensed sound for musicians and sound lovers. The API uses RESTful protocol and resposnes can be formatted in XML, JSON or YAML.
Local business and point of interest service Mapping local,mapping,places,reference, The Google Places Web Service is a service that returns information about a &quot;place&quot;: an establishment, a geographic location, or prominent point of interest using an HTTP request. Place requests specify locations as latitude/longitude coordinates.  Two basic Place requests are available: a Place Search request and a Place Details request. Generally, a Place Search request is used to return candidate matches, while a Place Details request returns more specific information about a Place.
New Zealand restaurant information service Entertainment entertainment,newzealand,ratings,restaurant, The service provides access to the provider&#039;s database of restaurant listings for cities and locations in New Zealand. It delivers information on restaurants for a specific location, those serving a particular cuisine, or a combination. Available information includes address, cuisine offered, hours and other operating details, and ratings from other diners.  API methods support search for restaurants located in New Zealand within a defined radius of a specified map point. Search can also provide an address or city, with or without particular keywords in descriptive information. Methods allow filtering of results for a defined list of cuisines and other attributes such as price level. The API also gives access to community reviews logged by the service to help discover the most highly rated restaurants.
Gift recommendation service Shopping gifts,recommendations,shopping, Gifts.com is a gift recommendation site. With access to the Gifts.com API, developers can work with the site&#039;s premium content and come up with ways to help people become better gift givers.  The Gifts.com API provides access to the gift shopping engine via a RESTful interface that returns gift recommendations in either JSON, JSONP or XML format. Developers can use the API to submit requests for gift recommendations, search for gift recommendations (in the form of products) using recipient, category, personality, occasion, and keyword criteria to classify the person who will receive the gift. 
MP3 archive Music archive,downloads,library,mp3,music, The Free Music Archive is an interactive library of high-quality, legal audio downloads. Every mp3 on The Free Music Archive is pre-cleared for certain types of uses that would otherwise be prohibited by copyright laws that were not designed for the digital era. Free Music Archive provides a basic RESTful API to access artist, album, track, genre and curator data, in XML, JSON or JSONP format.
US address verification, validation, and geocoding Shipping address,enterprise,geocoding,location,reference, Super-simple and super-fast US address verification. Validate street addresses within your application or on your website. Obtain valuable information about addresses, including whether they can receive mail and shipments.  LiveAddress API scales in the cloud based on demand, and is hosted out of 3 reliable and redundant datacenters across the nation. Submit up to 100 addresses per request, and don&#039;t pay for addresses that don&#039;t validate. Get started anytime with a &quot;free forever&quot; subscription of 250 lookups/mo. Unlimited and reseller plans are available.
Travel accomodations service Travel deadpool,hotel,travel, Hotelbeds accommodation & destination services is a provider of incoming travel services to travel trade professionals worldwide currently serving over 2,500 resorts across more than 80 countries. Hotelbeds provides an API for developers to integrate the functionality of hotelbeds.com into their own branded website. The API uses both REST and SOAP protocol with responses formatted in XML. Full documentation is not publicly available.
Entertainment booking service Entertainment booking,entertainment,events,music,parties, GigMasters is an online booking service for entertainers and performers. Users can book entertainment for their events and parties with GigMasters. GigMasters lists entertainers and performers from a variety of genres and styles.  The GigMasters API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data from GigMasters with other applications. Some example API methods include searching and retrieving entertainers by location and category, access vendor press kits,  and contact vendors. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email partners@gigmasters.com for an API key.
Search bot and crawler information Internet deadpool,internet,spider,utility, Use the Crawlerinfo API to get a list of search bots after you provide criteria, such as a search term, IP address, useragent, host, or crawler name. The service accesses a database of about 1200 crawlers with 1500 hosts and IPs.
Geographic mapping features Mapping address,geocoding,location,mapping, Intel&#039;s Developer Services Beta introduces a suite of location-based Cloud APIs. The APIs provide an enhanced set of app development capabilities for developers wishing to add location-based features to their app. New and existing applications can be enhanced to be a??location awarea?? with geographic mapping, routing, and point-of-interest location services.
Free web scripts database Internet BROWSER,code,internet, Userscripts is a website that hosts thousands of free scripts that enhance the enjoyment or usability of popular sites. Visitors can search the Userscripts website for helpful scripts or create an account and contribute their own. Userscripts offers a REST API that uses calls in JSON to retrieve scripts from the site.
Bulk SMS messaging service Messaging marketing,messaging,mobile,sms, Burst SMS is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns. Features of the service include message personalization fields; auto bounce management and database cleaning; automatic and manual opt-outs; and SMS templates.  Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications. API methods include SMS, Lists, Numbers, Transactions, Email, and Keywords.  
Customer loyalty and reward service Retail coupons,marketing,retail, Gimmie is a brand and product loyalty platform. Gimmie allows businesses to engage and reward their customers for using their services and products and accessing their content.  The Gimmie API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Gimmie with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email contact@gimmieworld.com for more information. 
Campbells Recipe Database Food food,ingredients,recipes,referencd,search, Campbella??s is a recipe and food provider that owns and distributes food through companies such as Pace, Swanson, Pepperidge Farm, and Prego. Campbell&#039;s Kitchen has a developer site whereby users can access the Campbell&#039;s Kitchen Brand API. The API uses REST calls and returns XML or JSON. Developers can use  the API to access the ingredients they need to build apps that contain recipes or ingredient lists. The API allows users to make calls to search and get recipe information. 
Short-term travel rental service Travel places,travel, Roomorama is a service for travellers to find short-term accommodations in locations around the world. Property owners can list their properties/rooms for short-term rental that travellers can search for and make reservations.  The Roomarma API allows developers to access the data and functionality of Roomarama. Some example API methods include listing destinations, properties, retrieving, creating, and editing property information, and listing property availability and rates. 
PHP object generation service Tools coding,development,internet,php,tools, From their site: PHP Object Generator, (POG) is an open source PHP code generator which automatically generates clean & tested Object Oriented code for your PHP4/PHP5 application. By generating PHP objects with integrated CRUD methods, POG gives you a head start in any project.  Using the POG API, developers can generate objects without having to go through the POG web interface (http://www.phpobjectgenerator.com). Instead, using SOAP, developers can generate PHP Objects remotely for use in their own web applications.
Shopping services Shopping reviews,shopping, From their site: this service will make a wealth of data available to the mash-up community in the creation of rich consumer sites. The initial dataset will include the full CNET catalog of technology products and software titles. This is the same dataset that drives the highly trafficked sites of CNET Reviews, Shopper.com and Download.com. Over time, the API will add news articles, community content, blog posts and full product reviews. The API is designed for easy data discovery and integration. The interface is REST-based, supporting both XML and JSON response formats. It has undergone extensive performance optimization, in order to ensure rapid response times. To simplify query creation, a tool called the Dashboard is available that allows the user to interactively select data sets to include in the response stream.
Cross Service Syndication Other deadpool,syndication, The cross.io-platform allows developers to create Web and Mobile-Syndication between a large number of API-Services. When integrating the cross.io platform, developers gain access to over 100 web services with which they can syndicate between. The RESTful API also provides functionality such as schedule, filter, delay, sample, translate, trigger and optimize which let developers extend the connection between services. The API is currently in closed beta.
UMapper is a universal map authoring application that allows you to create interactive mapping mashups. Supports multiple map apis including Google Maps, VE, and OpenStreetMaps. null code,kml,mapping,tools, UMapper is a universal map authoring application that allows you to create interactive mapping mashups. Supports multiple map apis including Google Maps, VE, and OpenStreetMaps.
E-mail address validation service Tools email,security,tools, The RestFul Web Services Email Validation API determines whether a given e-mail address may be valid and provides the user with relevant details. Users may access the service using REST or SOAP calls in the XML data format. Both types of calls are aimed at WSDL endpoints.
Package shipping Shipping shipping, A variety of XML-based data about packages and shipments. These APIs can be used to integrate UPS functionality into applications and business systems. Besides tracking packages you can track signatures, do address validation, and estimate international duties and taxes. The UPS Developer Kit contains the following APIs      * Address Validation API: Verify the city, state, and ZIP or postal code information is valid.     * Address Validation Street Level API: Verify the street address, city, state, and ZIP or postal code information is valid.     * Locator API: Search for UPS shipping locations based on type (drop box, UPS Store, customer counter, etc.) and services offered at that location (office supplies, packaging, etc.).     * Pickup API: Request a pickup for you or for one of your customers.     * Quantum View API: Stream visibility data over the web into internal applications from your Quantum View Data subscription.      * Rating API: Compare delivery services and shipping rates to determine the best option to meet your customers&#039; needs.     * Shipping API: Print UPS labels from your internal business systems.     * Tracking API: Obtain accurate package status information for your shipments.     * Time in Transit API: Compare shipping transit times of UPS services.     * UPS Signature Tracking API: Obtain proof of delivery information, which contains a digitized signature and full delivery address.     * UPS TradeAbility API: Prepare and manage international shipments with the following capabilities; Denied Party Screener, Landed Cost, Export License Detector, and Import Compliance.
Bicycling hobbyist training and social site Sports cycling,hobbies,social,sports, The service provides training tools and social interactions for bicycling hobbyists. It is under development by avid cyclists from Austin, Texas, to help others track rides and record performance, with plans for route guidance and suggestions. Social networking tools for interactions among cyclists also are anticipated.  API methods currently support retrieval of route information with location and altitude as well as speed and power ratings. Returned data support interaction with mapping applications.
Transportation directions and routes application Transportation Directions,mapping,route,traffic,transit,transportation, The Transit App is an application that helps commuters and travellers plan their routes and get directions in various cities.   The Transit App API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of the Transit App with other applications. The main API methods are retrieving routes and retrieving directions. 
Mortgage rate quotes service Real Estate deadpool,estate,finance,mortgage,rates,real, From their site: Our API enables your users to get the same mortgage rate comparisons available on Mortgage Marvel right on your site. Our API allows you to collect rate search parameters and present real-time, mortgage rate and fee quotes from multiple lenders.
Local weather information service Weather texas,weather, Lost Springs Ranch is located in the Texas Hill Country west of Austin. They provide a safe habitat for local wildlife and propagate native plants, especially those endemic to Central Texas. The Lost Springs website primarily contains photos and information about the native plants; however, it also provides a local weather information service. This can be viewed directly through the site, or users may employ a SOAP-based API to retrieve weather information as either text or an image.
Appointment schedule management  Calendar calendar,social, SnapAppointments is booking service for appointment-based businesses. Small and complex businesses can use it to share their calendar availability with potential clients who can book appointments over the Internet. SnapAppointment automates schedules for employees and can send reminders to clients via text, email, or phone. Their RESTful API provides access to both client-side booking-query functionality as well as business-side appointment management. 
Personal location information management application Mapping geo,gps,location,mapping,places, OpenPaths is an application that allows users to manage their personal location information. Users can track where they have been, visualize their locations, and share their data on the OpenPaths website.  The OpenPaths API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of OpenPaths with other applications and to create new applications. API methods include posting and retrieving user data.
Big data application builder Backend application,baas,backend,bigdata,hosting,storage, Continuuity is a service that helps users build applications based on big data. Continuuity offers application hosting in the cloud, tools and features to build applications, and data storage.  The Continuuity API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Continuuity with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: http://www.continuuity.com/sign-up-for-the-beta.
Realtime recipe aggregator service Food deadpool,food,recipes, Punchfork monitors real-time conversations across social networks to bring users recipes that are currently being talked about. The recipe data comes from food blogs and recipe sites all around the web. The Punchfork API lets users integrate recipes into their website or app by providing direct access to recipe data from all publishers in the database. Possible uses for the API include:     *Display recipes for a particular dish or containing specific ingredients.     *Get a real-time feed of the newest recipes discovered by Punchfork.     *See the top-rated recipes from a particular blogger or publisher.     *Generate semantic search indexes for your own recipes.  The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Social Network Tracking Service Social analytics,social, Shared Count is a service that lets users input a URL and check to see how many Likes/Shares/Tweets/etc. that URL has experienced. To get these counts, Shared Count retrieves the data from the official &#039;Share&#039; buttons provided by services like Facebook and Twitter. 
News syndication service News news,syndication, NewsCred is a global content distribution platform that helps content producers generate new outlets of revenue by allowing them to syndicate content via an API. The API gives users programmatic access to millions of news articles, images and videos from 5000+ news sources, ready to be integrated on any device. The NewsCred Platform API exposes identifiers for topics, articles, sources and other uniquely identifiable objects. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML, JSON or RSS.
Real-time/historical currency exchange rates for developers Financial conversion,currency,exchange,finance,json, The Open Exchange Rates API provides easy and fast programmatic access to currency exchange rates for 157 currencies, with advanced features for paying customers (cheaper than every other service!).   Open Exchange Rates was designed to provide a free and reliable place for developers to access exchange rates for use in their own apps and projects.   Exchange rate data is updated hourly, and historical conversion rates are available as far back as 1999.   This API uses RESTful calls in JSON and JSONP, with HTTPS secure connections available.
Real-time carbon footprint estimates Other climate,environment,green, This web service, part of Brighter Planet&#039;s carbon middleware suite, enables developers to build flexible, real-time carbon footprint estimates from sources such as cars, flights, and houses into business applications. Brighter Planet delivers cloud-based web services providing on-demand carbon information for a fraction of a cent per query, meant for enhancing existing operational data with environmental intelligence that matters. The emission calculation service provides greenhouse gas emission estimates for a variety of emitters of arbitrary description. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses can be formatted in XML, JSON, YAML, HTML, Text and JS.
Personal task list service with thousands of checklists to choose from Tools checklist,pim,tasks,todo, Checklist.com provides a checklist platform that helps people manage their daily lives with pre-made, interactive checklists which can be shared with anyone and accessed anywhere. The API gives users full access to the platform. With the API, users can get checklist templates or specific user checklists, tasks, contacts & settings. Applications can also make updates to this information. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Energy market economic data service Financial energy,finance,financial,market, The service provides data indicating supply and demand conditions and resulting price projections in world energy markets, including crude oil, refined petroleum, natural gas, and other resources. It also provides estimates of transportation capacity and rates of usage, which affect delivery of energy products to market. Applications can make use of authoritative indicators of market fundamentals, compiled and analyzed for compatibility in reporting and graphic displays.  API methods provide data streams for specified time ranges, markets, and energy products cached for 10-minute intervals. Methods allow selection of data sources and data types along with tags applied by the service to distinguish groups of data points.
Event Database and Calendar Service Events calendar,community,database,events,local,social, TimeShout is a event database designed to promote local events through sharing capability and visitor participation, all through community input. The service includes calendars, public submissions, event sharing, as well as event booking and registration. The TimeShout API allows users to use REST calls to get events, event lists, get occurrences, get venue information, get profiles, and get calendars. An API key is required with service.   The API currently has limited beta functionality open to the public.
Solar energy information service Weather energy,environment,weather, The Solar Energy Mining (SOLEMI) service provides measures of solar energy available at locations across Europe and Africa, along with selected parts of Asia, Australia, and South America. Measures of solar irradiance data are derived from images taken by Meteosat satellites over the period 1991-2005 for locations in Europe and Africa and 1999-2006 for Asian locations. Measures are available for hourly increments with a spatial resolution of 2.5 km.  API methods support submission of a location and date range for which irradiance measures are desired. The API returns measures for global horizontal irradiance (GHI) and direct at normal incidence (DNI).
World Weather Online Weather api,local,weather,world, World Weather Online provides weather forecast and weather api content for worldwide city and towns. The Developer Weather API allows developers and programmers to access free 5 day weather feed in XML, JSON and CSV format for any location by UK Postcode, Canada Postal code, US Zipcode, City and Town name (country and state/region filter) or by using Latitude and Longitude.
Digital content to print documents service Photos Canvas,cloud,photo,photograph,print,printing, The Simple Print API allows developers to build professional print functionality right in their own apps, with a very simple REST API to place print orders through Peecho&#039;s cloud print network  - like books, magazines, canvas prints and much more. It includes on demand production and delivery.  API integrations require a monthly fee. To complete orders through the API, you also need to buy prepaid credit. We will charge your credit balance for each order, so we can pay our production facilities directly. If your balance is low, you will be notified - you can then update your balance with new credit and then, if necessary, confirm the orders that were not accepted yet.
Scientific data sharing map Science mapping,science, FieldScope is an interactive mapping platform provided by National Geographic that allows citizen scientists to share, analyze, and interpret location-based data with other enthusiasts. Using FieldScope, people can join projects, start new ones, or just explore the data that others have gathered. Using and contributing to FieldScope is free and requires no software downloads. Project contributors can simply add observations to the map as they collect them. Developers can retrieve, add, update, and delete observations programmatically via REST API.
charity database service Database charity,database,newzealand, The Charities Commission of New Zealand is a publicly available database of registered charities that serves to build public trust and confidence in the charitable sector. The Charities Commission API provides open data to large amount of charities, their annual returns and officer information. It uses RESTful OData URI querying to pull information from the database.
Travel recommendation service Travel deadpool,mapping,places,recommendations,travel, Trazzler is a web site that recommends trips based on user location and Travel Personality. The Trazzler API uses RESTful calls for accessing trip page and user data. All responses are formatted in XML. Please contact adam at trazzler dot com before using this API outside of a test environment. Most usage is free.  
Artificial Intelligence as a Service  Tools analysis,NLP,semantic,text,tools, AlchemyAPI offers artificial intelligence as a service. We teach computers to learn how to read, and apply our technology to text analysis through a cloud-based API. Our customers use AlchemyAPI to transform their unstructured content such as blog posts, news articles, social media posts and internal documents into much more useful structured data.   Currently available text analysis functions include entity extraction, sentiment analysis, keyword extraction, concept tagging, relation extraction, text categorization, author extraction, language detection, text extraction, microformats parsing and RSS/ATOM feed detection.  AlchemyAPI is a tech startup located in downtown Denver, Colorado. As the worlda??s most popular text analysis service, AlchemyAPI serves over 3.5 billion monthly API requests to over 35,000 developers. To enable our services, we use artificial intelligence, machine learning, neural networks, natural language processing and massive-scale web crawling. Our technology powers use cases in a variety of industry verticals, including social media monitoring, business intelligence, content recommendations, financial trading and targeted advertising.    API Features:  -Accessible via REST interface -Return data in JSON, XML or RDF -Can analyze a URL, HTML, or free form text -Speed: the fastest text analysis API available   Give AlchemyAPI a try with our online demo: www.alchemyapi.com/products/demo/   Learn more about our text analysis functions: www.alchemyapi.com/products/features/   Available Text Analysis Functions:  ## Entity Extraction ## Identify people, companies, organizations, cities, geographic features, and other named entities within your content.   ## Sentiment Analysis ## Identify positive, negative and neutral sentiment within content.   ## Keyword Extraction ## Extract important terms, topic keywords and tags from your content.   ## Concept Tagging ## Automatically tag high-level concepts in HTML, text, or web-based content.  ## Relation Extraction ## Identify facts and Subject-Action-Object relations within content. Support is provided for extracting directional sentiment, subject and object entities and keywords.  ## Text Categorization ## Automatically categorize content into categories or topics.  ## Author Extraction ## Extract author information from news articles, blog posts and more.   ## Language Detection ## Determine the language that any text or web-based content was written in (supporting 97 different languages).  ## Text Extraction ## Extract only the important text from any web page with the option of extracting the links.  ## Microformats Parsing ## Extract Microformats from web pages (hCard, adr, geo, and rel-* formatted content).  ## Feed Detection ## Detect RSS/ATOM feed links within any web page.
Email services Email deadpool,email, From their site: The AOL OpenMail API allows developers to create AOL Mail services on third party websites. Developers can use the OpenMail to access mail count and mail details. AOL, AIM and personal domain accounts are supported by the OpenMail API.
Christian volunteer opportunities directory Search bible,jobs,nonprofit,religion,Volunteer, ChristianVolunteering.org is a directory of Christian volunteer opportunities in a variety of locations and from various ministries.   The Christian Social Graph API from ChristianVolunteering.org allows developers to produce RSS, JSON, XML, and CSV outputs from the ChristianVolunteering.org directory of Christian volunteer opportunities. 
Nigerian bulk SMS service Messaging messaging,nigeria,sms, CustomizedSMS is a web-based Nigerian SMS portal that delivers custom bulk SMS around the world. One free SMS unit is awarded to new accounts. Users can integrate their application or website with the CustomizedSMS messaging gateway via REST API. This API allows users to send SMS and check their account balances.
Proteome data for biomedical research Science database,science, The Global Proteome Machine is an attempt to create knowledge from proteomics data and reuse it to solve biomedical research problems. The Global Proteome Machine Database was built to use GPM data to help validate peptide MS/MS spectra and protein coverage patterns. The Global Proteome Machine Database API provides RESTful access to commonly required information based on data from the GPM Database. Responses are JSON formatted. 
Crowdsourced online task assistance service Social crowdsourcing,social, Crowdcrafting is designed to provide online assistance for tasks that require human cognition, knowledge, or intelligence such as image classification, transcription, or geocoding. It does so using PyBossa, which is a free crowd-sourcing and micro-tasking platform. PyBossa helps researchers, civic hackers, and developers create projects that anyone in the world with time, interest, and an internet connection can contribute to. The RESTful crowdcrafting API can be used to create new applications, get tasks, submit answers, etc.
Natural language question answering tool Answers answers,language,natural,questions,search, Begun as a research project from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology and the University of Technology Dresden, WebKnox is an ontology-driven fact extraction engine built to provide direct, fast, and complete answers to questions on any topic a user can think of. To answer a question WebKnox uses external services that might have previously provided an answer or computes an answer using its knowledge base. If those options fail, WebKnox tries to find an answer on the fly. WebKnox hosts a suite of REST APIs delivering a range of web services. The WebKnox Question-Answering API allows applications to find answers to natural language questions. The API supports one endpoint for simple factual questions and another for more complex questions. 
Travel deals service Travel deals,hotel,travel, Search for Hotwire Travel-Ticker Deals by destination, theme, dates, or price.  Travel-Ticker&#039;s relationships with more than 10,000 travel companies give us access to insider deals you won&#039;t see on other sites -- including special limited-time offers, small hotels that don&#039;t usually sell online, and exotic locations for those in the know. 
Academic library Reference books,education,reference, From their site: CatalogWS is a Web API for dynamically querying information from the NCSU Libraries Catalog (North Carolina State University). This API supports a variety of applications that repurpose catalog data outside of the native catalog interface.
Spelling correction and recommendation service Reference deadpool,reference,spelling,tools, Complexity Intelligence Spell Checking API analyzes a word or sentence depending on the service requested by the user. The user can have the API find single or multiple words that are candidates as possible correction of the word in input. It can also return the best correction to the string. It can correct multiple errors simultaneously. Complexity Intelligence is a start-up that focuses on Artificial Intelligence research. Complexity Intelligence is developing a range of natural language processing services accessible through web-services. Both free and paid subscriptions are available. Support is provided for both Java and PHP. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Web, news, and image search Search image,keyword,news,search, Begun as a research project from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology and the University of Technology Dresden, WebKnox is an ontology-driven fact extraction engine built to provide direct, fast, and complete answers to questions on any topic a user can think of. To answer a question WebKnox uses external services that might have previously provided an answer or computes an answer using its knowledge base. If those options fail, WebKnox tries to find an answer on the fly. WebKnox hosts a suite of REST APIs delivering a range of web services. The WebKnox Search API allows applications and websites to perform web, image, and news searches. The API provides the option to limit the number of results or skip a specified number of top results.
Document management services Office deadpool,enterprise,office, From their site: The Google Documents List data API allows client applications to upload documents to Google Documents and list them in the form of Google data API (&quot;GData&quot;) feeds. Your client application can request a list of a user&#039;s documents, and query the content in an existing document.
Mobile location tracking service Telephony deadpool,location,mobile,telephony, The Ericsson Mobile Location API provides the developer with client-side positioning through cell-ID look-up. The look-up has information about the positions of mobile network cells from all over the world though not 100% coverage.  Ericsson Labs holds APIs, resources, offerings, and various expert commentaries, produced by Ericsson.
Search Twitter tweets service Search microblogging,search,Twitter, Twitter search API with optional restriction on language, from, to, and hashtags. Use it to find tweets, people and trends. Note that Summize was acquired by Twitter and is now their official search engine and search API. 
Open source government data Government government,opendata, The Office of the Federal Register informs citizens of their rights and obligations, documents the actions of Federal agencies, and provides a forum for public participation in the democratic process. The Office of the Federal Register (OFR) of the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), and the U.S. Government Printing Office (GPO) jointly administer the FederalRegister.gov website. The OFR/GPO partnership is developing an unofficial XML-based edition of the daily Federal Register on this site. FederalRegister.gov is a fully open source project.   The API allows users to retrieve information about all the agencies in the FederalRegister.gov database and metadata/details about a particular Federal Register document. Users can also access full search capabilities, matching the functionality of the site&#039;s advanced search. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON and JSONP.
Music recommendation and sharing service Music music,recommendations,sharing,social, On this music recommendation site users share the single song they are currently obsessed with. This Is My Jam allows you to share your current jam through Facebook and Twitter, and to follow those users who&#039;s musical tastes you admire. The API expects to allow access to all of This Is My Jam&#039;s functions: following users, setting and previewing jams. 
Business directory service Search business,directory,search, The service provides listings from a directory of business organizations categorized by product offerings, including both goods vendors and service providers. Search access is provided in compliance with OpenSearch standards. Keyword look-up or programmatic integration provides listings for individual businesses providing a desired product.  API methods support access to the listings compliant with the OpenSearch format. Methods allow submission of a query term and and geographic location. The API returns a results list from the business directory local to the specified place and matching that term, with a link to view details for each business on the provider&#039;s platform. 
Coupon and deal feed Shopping coupons,deals,shopping, OWS Software Coupons is a coupon and deal application that allows users to include coupons and deals on their websites.   The OWS Software Coupons API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of the Coupon Data Feed with other applications. The API method available is displaying coupons and deals on websites.
Charitable donation processing service Payment affiliate,charity,donate,nonprofit,payment, FirstGiving provides donation processing for any of the 1.2 Million 501(c)3 non-profit organizations in the United States. The RESTful API provides access to the the company&#039;s directory of charities. Developers can create applications to encourage donations and, if they choose, developers can earn revenue from transaction fees.  Search based on name, EIN, city, state, zipcode and a few other factors. Retrieve detailed information about the non-profit, including its UUID, which can be used when processing a donation.
Federal travel expense reimbursement rates information service Government finance,government,travel, The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) provides the Per Diem API, which allows users to retrieve the reimbursement rates for hotel and meal expenses for federal travelers. The rates are set each fiscal year, and many other U.S. businesses and organizations adopt these rates as well. The GSA provides developers with programmatic access to rate information via REST API.
On demand computer backup and synchronization Storage backup,cloud,storage, The SugarSync API lets developers integrate SugarSync with their desktop and Web apps, build apps to extend SugarSync functionality, or simply leverage the SugarSync cloud. SugarSync is an on-demand web service that securely backs up  computers online and synchronizes them automatically. It allows access to the latest version of user files from anywhere -- on the web, on different computers, even on mobile phones.  The SugarSync Platform API is a RESTful web service that allows users to create applications that can create, read and modify files stored in thier SugarSync accounts. Using HTTP requests, an application can choose a file that has been synced up from a user???s PC, retrieve the file???s contents, make changes and store the results back into SugarSync. The modified file then automatically syncs back to each of the user???s systems. Responses are formatted in XML.
Security device communication and management service Security security, Honeywell is a security company that provides security services and devices for homes and businesses. AlarmNet Direct is a web-based service designed to let users communicate with Honeywell&#039;s security devices remotely. It allows customers to register, program, command, and check the status of devices over the internet. These functions can also be accessed programmatically using the AlarmNet Direct SOAP API.
Digital entertainment technology Entertainment advertising,entertainment,movies,music,recommendations,video, Rovi is a digital entertainment technology company that provides guidance technology, entertainment data, content protection and content networking technology for digital entertainment devices and services. Rovi Cloud Services includes APIs to access advertising, metadata, recommendations, media recognition, search and management/analytics modules. 
Video interview service Video candidate,employment,Interview,jobs,video, LaunchPad Recruits is an online video interview service that allows you screen job candidates more effectively than by a resume or curriculum vitae alone. Video interviews can be an alternative to phone screening or first round interviewing.  Tha LaunchPad Recruits API allows you to integrate video interviewing into your own application. API resources include accounts, interviews, questions, candidates, invites, and callbacks. The API is RESTful and all responses and error messages are returned using JSON. 
Travel search service Travel flight,search,travel, XML flight search API for all countries worldwide, with coverage of hundreds of airlines. Full documentation is only available to accepted partners.
Deals and discounts service Shopping coupons,deals,shopping, The service provides information local price discounts, coupons, and other deals offered by sellers in a particular city. Each day for each location where it offers service, it reports an offer sponsored by a restaurant, bar, or other business. Contact the provider to determine where the service is active.  API methods support submitting a query specifying a city or other location as latitude and longitude along with the desired data format, either XML or JSON. Methods return a single offer with the sponsor&#039;s ID value and URL along with a URL for the service itself that provides basic information. Returned data specify the product offered, price and other terms, start and end dates for the special offer, etc.
Urban geo-spatial data services Mapping geolocation,local,mapping,neighborhood,places, Urban Mapping&#039;s Neighborhoods product is geo-spatial data about specific neighborhoods by zip code. Neighborhood data includes information on demographics, size, boundaries, and synonym recognition for neighborhood names.   The Neighborhoods API allows developers to access information from Urban Mapping&#039;s Neighborhoods database. API methods include searching by spatial parameters, administrative boundaries, and neighborhood names.
URL shortening service with security features Internet security,url-shortener, Safe.mn is a URL shortening service that provides measures for security and transparency. All links are verified for viruses, malware, phishing, malicious content, session stealing, cross-site scripting attacks, etc. Any suspicious link gets flagged, and users are warned about it.  The API uses a RESTful interface and responses are formatted in XML, JSON, JSONP or text.
Code sharing service Internet code,internet,sharing, Codesnipp.it is a social sharing site where developers can follow other developers, share their code and find coding help. The API lets users get the status of other site users and list the methods available for the API. It uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Twitter based voting service Social deadpool,social, Plus 1 keeps track of good deeds and the Twitter people who appreciate them. Every time one person thanks another on Twitter, we notice. ???+1??? is how we say thank you. Add Twitter voting to your application in five minutes or less via RESTful API. The API includes methods to retrieve all stamps and +1 tweets for a particular user, retrieve all +1 tweets that contain a particular #hashtag, and retrieve all stamps. 
Restaurant search service Search food,restaurant, The BooRah Restaurant Search API returns a list of restaurants based on specified name and location parameters. The name can be a full or partial restaurant name, a type of cuisine, or a type of food. The location can be identified as a city, zip code, neighborhood, address, or latitude and longitude. 
Identity and access management Security cloud,enterprise,HR,security, TrewPort specializes in identity management, business process management, and service oriented architecture. TrewIDM Cloud was designed to provide a comprehensive identity management product, supports single and federation sign on functionality, and provides a comprehensive view of user events within an enterprise. The API currently connects the product to over 500 cloud and enterprise applications.
News database News image,news, The Associated Press, the world&#039;s oldest and largest newsgathering organization, has an API that enables developers to build applications incorporating data from the Associated Press&#039;s expansive database of content. The platform includes tools that allow developers to target the exact content users want. The API allows users to search and download AP Images. 
Zipments is a community of couriers that will deliver items when and where you need them, including items from your favorite local merchants. Uses the Twilio and Twilio SMS APIs. null courier,messaging,mobile,shopping, Zipments is a community of couriers that will deliver items when and where you need them, including items from your favorite local merchants. Uses the Twilio and Twilio SMS APIs.
Pub and bar reviews services Food food,recommendations,reviews,travel, Use the RatePubs API to get two-way access to bar information, including reviews. Visitors to your site can get information or reviews, and they can then leave their own reviews.
Name data parsing and screening tool Tools contacts,names,parse,tools, Melissa Data creates data quality and address management solutions for websites and businesses. Their services standardize, verify, and enhance global contact data, including addresses, phone numbers and email addresses.  The Melissa Data Name Object API allows customer applications to parse names into distinct components, and indicate gender. The API is also capable of screening names for possible vulgar words, fake names, and company names, as well as create salutations based on parsed information. 
OpenID login for Google account users Security identity,OpenID,security, The Google OpenID API lets third-party web sites and applications let visitors sign in using their Google user accounts. The OpenID standard allows users to nor have to set up separate login accounts for different web sites, and conversely, frees web site developers from the task of managing login information and security measures. OpenID achieves this goal by providing a framework in which users can establish an account with an OpenID provider, such as Google, and use that account to sign into any web site that accepts OpenIDs. This page describes how to enable a web site or application to accept a Google user account for federated login.
Cloud user management service Internet cloud,germany,management,user, The Cloud User Management Lab API enables providers of web applications to reliably and safely store user data and associated profile information in the cloud. As soon as the user administration has been integrated into the providera??s web application, it can then be used free of charge and based on requirements from within the cloud.
Online community for photographers Photos photo,social, 500px is an online community for photographers and fans of photography. Photographers can upload their pictures to share with other 500px users, and all users can browse and search the photo collection for discovery and artistic inspiration.  The 500px API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and content of 500px. Some example API methods include searching and retrieving photos, uploading photos, and finding users.
Vacation rental service Travel rental,travel,vacation, Instamanager is a cloud-based vacation rental software provided by Bookt. The platform includes a public rental website and back-end reservation management software, among other services. The API allows for platform customization, creation of widgets and apps, and full interaction with user data on the cloud-based platform.
Weather data service Weather astronomy,climate,Data,database,weather, Weather Source is a service that provides weather data. Weather Source provides weather data for clients in multiple industries for multiple purposes. Weather Source provides historical weather data and reports, weather forecast data, and astronomical reports.  The Weather Source API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Weather Source with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving weather history data, and retrieving astronomical data.
Business management service Enterprise business,CRM,enterprise,invoicing,management, 360 Business Tool is a Danish system for businesses to manage a variety of operations. 360 Business Tool offers CRM functionality, budget information, time and invoicing functions, and employee management.   The 360 Business Tool API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of 360 Business Tool with other applications. Some example API methods include managing customer information, retrieving statuses, and recording time. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with accounts. 
Job search service Job Search jobs,resume, Careerjet is a job search engine that pulls job postings from company and organization websites in a variety of industries and locations. Users searching for employment may also post their resume on Careerjet, as well as create job alerts.   The Careerjet API allows developers to embed Careerjet search results into other websites. Search results can be returned by keywords, locations, companies, industries, and other criteria. The HTTP API is not documented, but client libraries are available for Java, Perl, PHP, .Net 2.0, and Ruby.
Medical database lookup Medical bioinformatics,database,medical, cPath is a database and software suite for storing, visualizing, and analyzing biological pathways.
Federated search service Search research,search,semantic, The service provides federated search and clustering of results from queries across multiple repositories. Its common interface allows applications to execute searches simultaneously against a diverse range of web-based information providers. It merges results and presents them ranked by relevance to the query.  API methods support query submission and execution of algorithms for Natural Language Processing and Information Retrieval to analyze and refine submitted queries. Applications can specify search strategy, relevancy ranking, and further processing of filter the result set.
Backend service platform for building websites and apps Backend backend,development,mobile,social, Bynd.io is a backend as a service platform for building social and mobile sites and apps. The Bynd REST API provides the ability to programmatically write, read, update and delete objects. The API can manage social network authentication, location services, content curation, and much more.
Middle Eastern geocoding, mapping, and routing service Mapping deadpool,geocoding,mapping,route, The service converts address and location information into standardized National Area Codes (NACs). It generates mapping and routing data by NAC, and handles geocoding and reverse geocoding.   API methods support submission specifying a single location or parameters of an area. The API returns the appropriate National Area Code (NAC) for the location. Geocoding and reverse geocoding methods provide highly detailed information about features of a location or area within 24 developed countries, and less detail for other areas. Mapping and routing methods return specifications for displaying the location in standard mapping formats.
Enterprise document management service Enterprise deadpool,enterprise,office, From their site: Our vision is to leverage the Web and the SaaS delivery model to offer the world&#039;s most feature-rich and efficient document service, including the management and collaboration of work in process documents and emails, document images, and documents as records.NDConnect gives you the ability to use any programming language or platform that supports the SOAP standard in order to generate NetDocuments business objects.
Building and energy monitoring service Tools buildings,efficiency,energy,monitoring,tools, Panoptix by Johnson Controls is a platform and an application marketplace for efficient building control and monitoring. Panoptix offers applications for energy monitoring and other building monitoring activities.  Panoptix offers APIs to developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Panoptix with other applications and to create new applications. Example API methods include retrieving building data, retrieving energy data, and retrieving meter information.
Online shipping services Shipping parcel,shipping,tracking, P4D provides online shipping services including international parcel, pallet, and document transportation. The P4D API allows customer applications to generate quotes, place bookings, track parcels, and more. 
Nutrition data for social applications Food food,metadata,nutrition,social, Nutribu aims to transform nutrition into a social experience. The Nutribu API provides developer access to food and nutritional data. Exposed resources include metadata describing users, products, ingredient groups, and more.
Collaboratively generated global phone directory Telephony crowdsourcing,directory,Telephone,telephony, Truecaller is a collaboratively generated global phone directory supporting number and name lookup, call filtering, social connections and more. The Truecaller API provides developer access to the Truecaller directory allowing automated reverse number lookup via HTTPS GET calls. API Key required.
Art Project that Collects Data from an Emotional State Survey Social art,social, Emotional Cities is an art project that studies and visualizes the emotions of individuals and groups. It uses data gathered from it&#039;s website, where users can log on and answer the question &quot;How are you today?&quot;  Emotional Cities also provides a REST API allowing developers to query the Emotional Cities data and create their own applications around it. The API methods mostly relate to &#039;mood&#039; but there are a few other bits of data the API can provide, such as a city&#039;s weather report.
Tech support outsourcing job application service Enterprise enterprise,helpdesk,jobs,support, teleNetwork is a leading provider of outsourced technical support services and help desk solutions. They have successfully provided support and customer care solutions for industry leaders such as Dell Computer, Compaq, SBC Communications, AT&T, Verio, Frontier Communications, and many others. The SOAP-based teleNetwork API enables users to apply for work at teleNetwork programmatically.
Mobile push notification service for Apple iPhone Telephony deadpool,iPhone,mobile,push,telephony, iLime is a solution for integrating Apple Push Notification Service (APNS). Push notifications can be sent as one of three types: a custom text alert, an icon badge number, or a custom sound. Responses are formatted in either XML or JSON. 
Algorithmic Trading Service Financial currency,exchange,financial,market,stocks,trading, Alpari is a trading platform that provides competitive pricing and market liquidity as well as direct market access to multiple tier 1 banks, smart order routing and low latency, a comprehensive order management system, and other services. The Alpari trading platform offers an algorithmic trading feature that users can utilize to implement advanced market strategies, and communicate with, through a FIX API. An account is required with service. 
File storage/sharing service File Sharing cloud,collaboration,file-sharing, Cloud folders for free file storage up to 2GB accessible via mobile device, web app, or installed desktop app. Tiered pricing for larger capacities. Plug-in integration with file editing applications. Security model allows sharing via URL with electronic signature Note: API home is a form to submit to receive email link for PDF documentation.
QR-Code access service Tools barcode,qr,tools, The Kaywa QR-Code API is open API to facilitate the writing of programs to create and decode QR-Codes.  The API requires an API key and operates with the REST protocol, returning JSON. 
Comparison shopping service Shopping deadpool,shopping,travel, Use the Kelkoo Shopping and Travel APIs to use Kelkoo data in your shopping comparison application. Search the database of thousands of merchants and also get user reviews. Search for products by keyword, sort results, compare products and prices from various merchants, filter by price range, build a live search of flights and hotels, control result pages, and more. Monetization opportunities for developers, too.
Foreign exchange rate information service Financial exchange,financial,reference, The StrikeIron Foreign Exchange Rates API provides both current (updated every 30-minutes) and historical foreign exchange rates based on the London Close (11:30am EST) for 160 currencies. Rates are quoted either in U.S. dollars per foreign currency unit or in foreign currency units per U.S. dollar. This API can be accessed via SOAP calls using the XML data format.
Climbing area weather data Sports forecast,sports,weather, ClimbingWeather.com provides pinpoint weather data for climbing sites. Weather data is pulled from the National Weather Service National Digital Forecast Database. The ClimbingWeather.com API provides a RESTful interface for interacting with the sitea??s area and forecast data. The API returns JSON formatted responses.
SMS messaging service Messaging Global,messaging,mobile,sms, SMSGlobal is an sms provider providing web and application based interfaces for sending and receiving SMS. The API allows developers to integrate their applications or web sites to SMSGlobal. It can be used for both one way and two way communication. The API is available in HTTP, SOAP and SMPP formats.
Hotel price comparison service Travel comparison,hotel,prices,search, Compare 70,000 hotels from 15 hotel websites including Hotels.com, HotelClub and ebookers. One search on sletoH.com shows hotel prices from across the web. Use our XML API to get real-time hotel pricing data and build your own hotel comparison application. 
API aggregation service Other aggregator,mapping,mobile,social,weather, Zypr is an application with an API that is designed to work across a variety of platforms, including mobiles, web applications, and other electronic devices. Zypr&#039;s API collects numerous APIs, like Facebook, Twitter, weather APIs, and Amazon, categorizes them based on function, and turns those APIs into one API.  Zypr&#039;s API, like Apple&#039;s Siri, allows developers to write voice activated commands for integration into other applications. Some example API methods include adding appointments to calendars, posting on Facebook or Twitter, and checking weather.
Environmentalists online community Other environment,nonprofit,social, WiserEarth is a free online community space connecting people working toward a just and sustainable world. WiserEarth includes the largest international directory of NGOs (110,000 records). Organizations and communities worldwide are using WiserEarth groups to coordinate their efforts. The API offers access to organizations (except email addresses), solutions, groups (only the About Page metadata), resources, jobs, and events. Currently only Read access is available. Inquire about Write access.
Multichannel mass notification service Messaging messaging,sms, TextCaster is a multichannel mass notification service. From its web app, users can send text messages, emails, tweets, Facebook posts, and more. Messages can be interactive and allow for replies by the recipients. Textcaster&#039;s SOAP API allows users to schedule and send messages as well as look up groups, individuals, and saved messages.
E-commerce catalog and transaction service Shopping deadpool,ecommerce,payment,shopping, The service provides hosted e-commerce functionality to be integrated with web content management, ERP, and back-office transaction reporting platforms. Its tools allow creation and updating of online product catalogs with options for shopping cart and payment processing. Integrations with fulfillment systems would allow completion of sales completed via the service.  API methods support creation of product catalog listings, including description text, product images, price, and related information. Methods also support adding a product to cart and checkout to complete payment and trigger fulfillment processes. Reporting methods allow for integration with enterprise resource management (ERP) systems.
Germany and Austria travel information map Mapping austria,germany,mapping,travel, eContent.Maps provides an interactive map of housing, events, dining places, tours, and attractions that covers Germany along with parts of Austria and the surrounding countries. Users can set custom markers, get local weather information, find routes between locations, and much more using the web interface or the SOAP API.
Catalan name data Government Catalonia,government,names,reference, The Statistical Institute of Catalonia (Idescat) is an organization that produces official Catalan economy, demography, and society statistics. Idescat exposes some of its data via a collection of REST APIs.  The Idescat Onomastics API provides statistical data for names and surnames in Catalonia. API responses may be XML, JSON, PHP, or TXT format. 
Fantasy sports platform Sports fantasy,sports, CBSSports.com offers a fantasy sports platform for users to create and manage fantasy teams for football, baseball, and other sports. Users can create and join leagues for competition, draft players, make player transactions through the season, and compete in playoffs.  The CBSSports.com API allows developers to access and integrate the data and functionality of CBSSports.com with other applications and to create new applications which developers can offer to the CBSSports.com community. Some example API methods include returning draft information and status, player information, team information, and scores and standings.
image recognition for photo organization and search Photos  IQ Engines has been acquired by Yahoo!. The API is no longer available.  
Cometdocs PDF Converter API Tools conversion,converter,documents,file,pdf, From humble beginnings as an online file conversion system, Cometdocs has evolved into comprehensive online management system offering services such as document sharing, transfers, and storage. The Cometdocs API provides programmatic access to the platforma??s backend tools. Most functionalities are available free to registered users. Offered conversion formats include PDF to Word or Text, PDF to Excel, PDF to PowerPoint, convert PDF to HTML, XPS conversion, PDF creation and much more. OCR conversions are understood.
Micro Blogging Service Blogging blogging,microblogging, Teidu is a micro blogging service that provides a simple API for developers who want to access Teidu Mikroblog&#039;s data from their own websites and applications. The Teidu Mikroblog API is a RESTful API, with more formats (SOAP, XML-RPC, and Javascript)  coming soon. 
Backdrop images and wallpapers Media Search deadpool,image,library,media,search, Home Theater Backdrops provides community sourced backdrop images and wallpapers for use in media management systems such as XBMC, MeedIO, and MediaPortal. The Home Theater Backdrops API provides developer access to the image database, allowing image search and download calls.
Web page processing tool Internet Detection,extraction,internet,metadata,Sites, Begun as a research project from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology and the University of Technology Dresden, WebKnox is an ontology-driven fact extraction engine built to provide direct, fast, and complete answers to questions on any topic a user can think of. To answer a question WebKnox uses external services that might have previously provided an answer or computes an answer using its knowledge base. If those options fail, WebKnox tries to find an answer on the fly.  WebKnox hosts a suite of REST APIs delivering a range of web services. The WebKnox Web API allows applications to process web pages in a variety of ways. The API is capable of detecting a web pagea??s language as well as the date the page was published or last edited. The API is also able to extract metadata such as a web pagea??s author, primary content, or factual information, and to retrieve page rankings.
School holiday search service Calendar calendar,education,school,search, My School Holidays by Primary Technology is a website application that displays school holidays by country, state, school name, and school district. Users can browse holidays or search for holidays.  The My School Holidays API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of My School Holidays with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include searching for holidays by date, returning holidays for the current date, and retrieving all holidays for a specific school.
Custom homepage builder that uses Ajax to let a user layout and customize a page with relevant information. Includes pre-built modules for Flickr, YouTube, Amazon and hundreds of other popular sites. null bookmarks,deadpool,photo,search,video,widgets, Custom homepage builder that uses Ajax to let a user layout and customize a page with relevant information. Includes pre-built modules for Flickr, YouTube, Amazon and hundreds of other popular sites.
Travel Booking Service Travel booking,hotel,restaurant,tickets,tour,travel, GTA-Travel is a global travel product provider that has sourced a broad portfolio of accommodation options, transfer services, city tours, tour guides, excursions, restaurants, and over 45,000 vendors in 185 countries. The GTA XML API allows travel vendors to access the GTA database of travel content for reservation systems or third-party websites and applications.  The services uses REST calls and returns XML.  An account is required with service. 
IP address geolocating service Internet geocoding,geolocation,internet,IP, The service detects a web visitor&#039;s IP address and provides the user&#039;s global location, with varying accuracy depending on the country of origin. A companion service uses geocoding to return information about services and places near the detected user location.  API methods support submission of a detected IP address and return a range of geolocation information, including country, region, city, latitude and longitude, currency code and symbol, and current exchange rate. The geocoding API provides specifications for business and places nearby a submitted latitude and longitude. 
XML daily fact widget Internet internet,programming,Random,XML, This SOAP-based API allows the user to place a widget on their website that returns an XML daily fact. Daily facts focus on XML web services and the use of XML within the Microsoft .NET Framework.
Search platform for developers Search development,search, Algolia is a search API designed to support developers in delivering great search experiences in apps and websites. Search features include design for mobile performance, customizable and comprehensive ranking, and the ability to search infinite attributes from a single search box.  The API allows applications to interact directly with the Algolia platform. Algolia is a REST API, all communication is over HTTPS.
Search engine Search search,url, Blippex is a search engine. Blippex indexes only pages that have been seen by real people and rank the pages by the time people spent on a page.  The Blippex Firehose API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Blippex with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving a live stream of all URLs getting indexed, searching and retrieving links, and accessing rate limits. 
Philippines deal service Shopping coupons,deals,food,philippines,shopping,travel, Paynoy is a travel, services, and products deal website for the Philippines. Paynoy users can search for deals on travel, products, and services and receive deal information via email.  The Paynoy API allows developers to access and integrate the deal data and functionality from Paynoy with other applications. The API method allows for returning deal information. 
Travel booking services Travel booking,tools,travel, JacTravel is a tourism and hospitality services provider. With an extensive network of hospitality-related enterprises around the globe, JacTravel offers a wide range of lodging solutions. They inspect their partnersa?? locations individually and help tour operators and retailers find and book the most appropriate lodgings. Their API allows retailers to integrate JacTravel searches directly into their websites. The API returns XML-encoded results. 
Weather data service Weather local,social,weather, Meteostone is a crowd-sourced network of local weather data and weather media information from around the world. All content is provided by users. The Meteostone API allows users to create their own weather applications or services using Meteostone weather data. 
Business data visualization and analytics service Enterprise analytics,business,enterprise,visualization, dimple is an API for business analytics powered by D3 (Data-Driven Documents), a JavaScript library for manipulating data-based documents using web standards. The focus of dimple is to make D3&#039;s power and flexibility easier to access for analysts who may not necessarily be skilled JavaScript users. dimple allows analysts to build useful and interesting business analytics visualizations with less coding knowledge.
Online invoicing service Financial accounting,financial,invoicing,payment, Billogram is cloud based invoicing service that allows small businesses to easily keep track of their cash flow. The service provides real time information about incoming payments as well as the status of invoices.   Billogram offers a REST API that allows third party applications and merchants to create and send invoices through the Billogram platform. Supported actions include Fetch invoice, Create new invoice and Update invoice. Results are delivered as JSON.   
Local marketing and advertising service Advertising advertising,coupons,deadpool,marketing,mobile, ThinkNear is a marketing service for local businesses to reach out to customers and potential customers when their business is slow. With their client&#039;s input, ThinkNear identifies when their business is slow, generates an instant mobile coupon, and sends it to customers and potential customers that are nearby.  The ThinkNear API allows developers to access and integrate the deals and information available with ThinkNear. Some example API methods include searching for deals by location and category, accessing offer information, and claiming deals. 
Financial market data services Enterprise enterprise,finance, Use any of the five APIs to access ACTIV&#039;s technology: ActivFeed API, ActivContentServer API, ActivServerContribution API, ActivClientContribution API, or ActivMiddleware API. Use the ActivFeed API to get a variety of market data, including current prices, time-series, fundamental data, and news. Use the ActivContentServer API to get multicast streams, and it can accommodate high-bandwidth needs. Contact to obtain documentation.
Portal gadgets Widgets widgets, From their site: The Google Gadgets API provides a way to put third-party content onto the Google homepage. The main use of the Google Gadgets API is to create gadgets (mini-applications) that users can add to their Google personalized homepages and other Google properties. For example, you could create a photo album gadget, or a gadget that displays an interactive game. The API is designed to be simple enough so that anyone can turn his or her web page or application into a gadget. 
Data visualization about youth culture Database database,research,sharing,visualization, Voicebox is a data visualization project. Produced by vInspired, a network that connects to young people to volunteering opportunities in the UK, Voicebox collects information about young peoplesa?? opinions and draws insightful visuals and conclusions. The data set collected by the Voicebox project is publically available to interested parties. The Voicebox API exposes the data retrieval functionality of this offering. It is a RESTful API that returns XML-encoded data.  
Customer relationship management Enterprise communication,CRM,enterprise,saas,sbweb,smallbusiness, BatchBook is an easy-to-use customer relationship manager (CRM) designed for small business owners. The BatchBook API is an XML REST interface for accessing your account. 
SMS messaging service Messaging canada,messaging,sms,telephony, Rogers is a leading provider of Wireless, Digital Cable TV, High Speed Internet and other mobile phone and data services throughout Canada. Catalyst is a third party developer program giving developers a space to build their products using Rogers&#039; assets including SMS, LBS, and Carrier Billing APIs.  SMS API enables a third party to send and receive SMS messages. The API uses REST and SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
API creation service and platform Backend backend,deadpool,hosting,internet,mobile,programming, YorApi is a platform and service that allows developers to create REST APIs, host them on the YorApi platform and launch their mobile applications built on top of their own APIs. The YorApi API itself allows developers access to the functionality of the site in order to build tools that build APIs.  YorApi is in private beta; interested developers should sign up here: http://www.yorapi.com.
HubSpot Blog Management Service Blogging blogging, HubSpot is an internet company that provides high-quality internet marketing to small internet-based businesses. HubSpot transforms relatively static small-business websites into modern marketing machines that produce the right leads and helps convert a higher percentage of businesses into qualified opportunities. The HubSpot Blog API is a RESTful API that allows users and developers to create, view, and access HubSpot Blog data outside of the normal HubSpot user interface. The HubSpot Blog API is currently in Beta; it is not complete or mature yet.
Video publishing service Video video, Brightcove is an online digital media platform used by media companies, businesses and organizations worldwide to publish and distribute video on the Web. The on-demand platform is used by professional publishers to power online video initiatives. The Brightcove Media API allows users to interact with their Brightcove Media Library. This API uses REST and JavaScript protocols. Responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Online calendar service Calendar calendar,events, CalDAV is an open standard Google developed for accessing calendar data all across the internet. The Google CalDAV API uses this standard to grant users programmatic access to Google Calendar contents. The API lets client applications create, edit, delete, and search for calendar events using REST calls issued in JSON format. The Google CalDAV API has been integrated with the Google APIs Console so that developers can add it to their projects simply by enabling it on the Console.
International calling and SMS service Telephony international,sms,telephony, Voxofon is a low-cost international calling and SMS service. It can be used by businesses that make a lot of international calls to employees and customers overseas, or it can be used by resellers wanting to create and market their own international calling services. Wholesale resellers can take advantage of the white label licensing, customizable rates and margins, and the SOAP and XML-RPC APIs for integration.
CSS Sprite generator Internet css,development,http,image,internet, CSSspritegen.com provides a web service helping developers optimize websites by using CSS Sprites, which speed loading times by reducing HTTP requests. The sitea??s CSS Sprites Generator API allows developers to create CSS Sprites through simple HTTP requests. Requests require a session token and all responses are UTF-8 JSON formatted.
Fax services Fax email,fax,FTP,to, The Innoport FAX API lets developers send out faxes from their mission critical applications. Applications can be in ASP, JSP, Cold Fusion, C/C++, Java, VB, .NET, C#, PHP or any other language that can make HTTPS calls.   NOTE: No public documentation is available. 
Youth basketball tournament management tools Sports basketball,events,sports,tournaments, Exposure Basketball Tournaments provides youth basketball tournament management tools, including features such as online registration and payment, pool generation, bracket design, scheduling, and an event dashboard. The Exposure Basketball Tournaments API exposes the platforma??s full functionality allowing applications to add, retrieve, delete, or otherwise manage resources. Responses may be JSON or XML format. 
Allows integration of AddThis sharing tools to websites Internet bookmarks,internet,social, AddThis is a free way to boost traffic back to your site by making it easier for visitors to share your content.  The AddThis Menu API is the client-side JavaScript API that you use to add AddThis sharing tools (button, menu, or toolbox) to your web page. When you Get the Code in the AddThis web interface, you are getting code that uses this API. The Menu API has a large number of features that let you customize the appearance and behavior of the tools in your page.
Video Chat Application Video chat,conference,social,video,Voice, The Bistri Conference API allows developers to build a simple video chat application in only a few steps. The service is compatible with WebRTC enabled browsers and is easily integrated into custom applications.   Developers can take advantage of quality API documentation and tutorial pages that make working with this service incredibly simple. 
VigLink Affiliation Service Advertising advertising,affiliate, VigLink is a service that embeds affiliate links where possible to make a publisher money from referrals and other purchases. The VigLink is available as JavaScript, with link updates performed automatically, or as a RESTful API using redirects.
Source code sharing service Other programming,source, The Snipplr API gives you access to this public source code repository. Snipplr gives developers a place to store and organize all the little pieces of code that you use each day. You can share your code snippets with other coders and designers.
Email marketing service Email deadpool,email,marketing, Lyris HQ is a hosted email marketing service for managing campaigns. The service lets users write email messages, create segments, edit lists, manage landing pages, track Web analytics and view reports. The API lets users access the service programmatically. Common uses of the API include synchronizing and centralizing data from in house CRMs and databases, automating the creation and delivery of newsletters and other messaging, and private label branding. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in XML. Full documentation is not publicly available.
Collaborative workspace service Project Management calendar,office,project-management, WizeHive is a collaboration platform that allows users and groups to share and collaborate on information like conversations, notes, tasks, calendars, and files in secure workspaces. Information can be entered from Wizehive or via email, Twitter, and mobile devices. Wizehive can be used for project management, scheduling, evaluating requests, and other processes that require collaboration.  The WizeHive API allows developers to access the functionality within WizeHive. Example methods available with the API include  searching for tasks, accessing user and group information, replying to questions, adding pages, and editing workspaces.
Automated personal safety system Security mobile,safety,security, CheckInOn.Me is an automated personal safety system. Users can create customized routines for CheckInOn.Me to contact mobile devices. Users respond with a personalized a??Ia??m OKa?? word. The CheckInOn.Me API provides RESTful interface for developers to build entire personal safety systems.
U.S. business information and resource platform Government business,government, BusinessUSA is a centralized platform provided by the U.S. government to help businesses connect to the information and services they need. It is in the process of expanding to encompass the full range of business programs and services that are currently only available across many different sites. The Resource Access API provides developers with programmatic access to abstracts for BusinessUSA resources that include articles, tools, data, events, and more.
Calendar of school events Calendar calendar,education,events, The Riverside Township High School located in Riverside, New Jersey has a website that, among other things, provides a calendar that covers all of the major school events for the year. This calendar can be accessed directly on the website or programmatically via SOAP API. Users can employ the API to retrieve or export events from the calendar.
Find and share volunteer opportunities  Other nonprofit,Volunteer, Use the All for Good API to retrieve and view the content of allforgood.org. All for Good collects and presents volunteer opportunities posted to numerous, disparate sites. Mashup apps can use the All for Good API to request a list of volunteer opportunities using a RESTful service.
Live flight aircraft tracking Travel aviation,travel, From their site:  Using the FlightXML API, programs can query the FlightAware live flight information and historical datasets. Queries for in-flight aircraft return a set of matching aircraft based on a combination of location, flight or tail number, origin and/or destination airport, aircraft type, and/or a low-to-high range of altitude and/or ground speed, among others. For each matching aircraft, data returned includes the flight or tail number, the aircraft type, origin and destination, time the last position was received, and the longitude, latitude, groundspeed, and altitude of that position. Matching flights&#039; flight tracks can be requested as well. For airports, FlightXML queries can return a list of scheduled flights, flights that have departed, flights that are enroute to the airport, and flights that have arrived at the airport. While supporting full Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP) and Web Services Description Language (WSDL), FlightXML also supports a simplified query mechanism where the query is coded into a standard HTTP &quot;get&quot; request.
Spanish-language bulk SMS service Messaging messaging,sms,Spanish, Elibom SMS is a Spanish-language mass texting service that allows users to send messages via web interface or API. It is aimed at businesses of all sizes and requires no contracts or monthly fees. List of recipients&#039; phone numbers can be entered manually or imported from Excel or CSV files. Elibom includes features for managing groups and contacts and for creating detailed, downloadable reports on both sent and failed messages.  Developers can integrate Elibom&#039;s messaging and account viewing features with other systems and applications via REST API. The Elibom SMS website and documentation are only available in Spanish.
Social profile creation service Social facebook,identity,personalization,social, Whit.li is a social identity creation application that allows customers to create psycho-social identities for their users. This allows for unique user experiences within applications and sites.  The Whit.li API allows developers to access and integrate the Whit.li functionality with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving information on users from their Facebook profiles, compare user profiles, and accessing user information.
Product feed service Shopping affiliate,shopping, Skimlinks is a technology that helps users monetize online content by converting normal product links from thousands of retailers into their equivalent affiliate links.   Formerly known as EveryFeed, the Producct API offers a solution for publishers looking to make use of product feeds on their sites. Product is a simple REST based search API that lets users search on a number of facets such as product name, price and category. Responses are formatted in XML, JSON and PHP.
Shopping cart services Shopping shopping, From their site: Google Checkout is a checkout process that you integrate with your website, enabling your customers to buy from you quickly and securely, using a single username and password. Once they do, you can use Google Checkout to charge their credit cards, process their orders, and receive payment in your bank account. 
Online data sharing service Government government,reference, Socrata is an online community for producers, publishers, and consumers of data. Through a suite of innovative Web services, Socrata provides the world&#039;s most comprehensive platform for social data discovery. Socrata API are sets of REST resources you can use to manage Socrata entities and data. Resources are grouped by areas of related high-level functionality.
Social media marketing platform Social advertising,marketing,social, Involver is a social media marketing platform used on Facebook pages and other social media platforms. The Engagement Optimization API allows marketers to optimize their ad campaigns by passing optimization data to the ad platform of their choice. With it social advertising platforms can pull page engagement data from the platform to optimize ad spend. Marketers can also optimize ad spend by integrating page management with their ad platforms using real-time response from their audiences. Public documentation is not available, developers should contact the provider for more information.
Web communications service Messaging communication,messaging,video,Voice, Crocodile Talk is a personal communications service that integrates voice, video and messaging. The service allows people using different devices to initiate instant messaging sessions, voice calls, and video calls from within the browser without having to download anything extra.   The Crocodile RTC APIs allow developers to easily integrate web communications into their website or web app and manage users. Crocodile&#039;s Javascript API enables third-parties to easily and quickly add real-time communications to their applications while the Crocodile REST API provides web services for subscriber management and billing. 
Food, nutrition and recipe database and diet tools Food food,health,nutrition,recipes,reference, FatSecret Platform API gives you access to food, nutrition and reicpe databases, exercises and diet tools to enhance your site or applications. Use the JavaScript or REST API to build innovative and customized applications on any platform.
Vritual keyboard service Other deadpool,internet,Translation, The Google Virtual Keyboard API lets you use an onscreen keyboard on any textfield or textarea in a webpage. This will help your website users to type in any language using their familiar keyboard layouts. This JavaScript API allows you to configure and integrate the keyboard. It is part of the Google Translate family of APIs.
Enterprise-level cloud data storage service Storage cloud,enterprise,storage, Treasure Data provides data-driven companies with cloud data warehousing services that enable them to get big data analytics running in a matter of days without specialist IT resources. Data can be imported directly from existing infrastructure, regardless of coding language. SSL encryption ensures the security of data while it is being transferred to the cloud. Treasure Data provides a RESTful API that enables users to POST data to or GET data from their company&#039;s cloud data warehouse.
Online thesaurus Reference reference,Thesaurus, The Synonyms API from STANDS4 is REST service to enable you to get Synonyms, Thesaurus and Antonyms information in XML form for a given word. 
Allows administration of Google Apps email accounts Email email,enterprise, The Google Email Settings API lets Google Premier and Education Edition administrators programmatically update Gmail settings for their users in bulk by making requests to a GData feed. Applications can use the API to set labels, filters, signatures, vacation responders, aliases, interface language, email forwarding, POP, IMAP, and other settings.
URL shortening service Internet Data,internet,links,social,url-shortener,utility, Bit.ly allows users to shorten, share, and track links (URLs). The Bit.ly Social Data API allows developers to access and integrate data about social sharing, referrals, social media use, and other social data of shortened links with other applications. Some example API methods include returning high volumes, categories, and realtime sharing and clicking. 
Mapping infrastructure and data access Mapping Data,display,geography,mapping,viewer,visualization, Mapfluence is a mapping web service that simplifies and speeds up the development and deployment of sophisticated online mapping applications by providing infrastructure and data. The API is available via a RESTful protocol or through JavaScript.
Software usage community service Social deadpool,games,social, From their site: Wakoopa tracks what kind of software or games you use, and lets you create your own software profile. Use the Wakoopa API to access some of your data via XML. The following data is available: your most used software; your most recently used software; latest versions of your software; comments on your profile; reviews you&#039;ve written; your contacts on Wakoopa; and teams you are a member of.
Bulk email service Email email, From their site: JangoMail is the most sophisticated, feature-rich, and easy to use web-based mass e-mailer for businesses and agencies. You can send and track personalized e-mails to your customers, potential customers, employees, vendors, and others.
Exchange rates and charts  Financial deadpool,enterprise,finance,money, Use the Xavier Finance Exchange Rates API to get historical exchange rates and graphs for 38 currencies. Some supported currencies are EUR, USD, JPY, CYP, CZK, DKK, EEK, GBP, CAD, and more. Get graphs for the last 1 month, 3 months, 1 year, 5 years, and 10 years.  THIS API IS STILL AVAILABLE, THE INFORMATION ABOVE IS INCORRECT!!!
Securely store an share user data Internet Data,personal,privacy,security,sharing, Personal (personal.com) enables users to privately encrypt their most valuable information and documents in the cloud, and securely share them with trusted contacts. To further protect the user, we have created a new standard of user rights a?? the user owns all the data they store in Personal, maintains that ownership even when they give others temporary access, and can export the data at any time.  The Personal Platform (developer.personal.com) gives developers an easy-to-implement REST API for responsibly and securely collecting and sharing your users&#039; information. Instead of worrying about how to build a secure, scalable backend, and how to create business rules for security, use the Personal Platform and get back to building your app. Moreover, users will favor apps that receive the &quot;Powered by Personal&quot; badge validating your use of security and privacy best-practices.  Contact us at dev@personal.com if you have any questions.
Loyalty reward application Shopping coupons,customer,loyalty,merchant,rewards,shopping, Juengo is a loyalty and rewards application. Users can use Juengo to earn rewards and join loyalty programs at merchants and service providers. Businesses can use Juengo to provide customers with loyalty rewards for shopping with them or using their services.  The Juengo API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Juengo with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. 
Esendex Business SMS Text  Messaging Service Messaging Global,messaging,sms,telephony,uk, This is one of a suite of APIs for sending and receiving SMS Text messages to and from mobile phones around the world. A leading provider of UK Business SMS services handles over 5 million text messages a month for over 4,000 companies. [[http://www.esendex.com]]
Online shopping service for mothers Shopping coupons,deals,family,shopping, GoMummy is Malaysian online sales website that features products for moms, babies and kids. The site offers a wide range of products at discounted prices, along with daily deals and coupons.  GoMummy offers an API for incorporating GoMummy.com content into your own applications. An API key is required and XML is the default response format for all requests.
Distraction-Free Text Editor Blogging blog,journal,notes,writing, Writeapp is a text edit platform that allows users to create, organize, and publish text. The service stores notes privately but also allows them to be made public. The Writeapp API uses REST calls and allows users to access the data within the Writeapp as well as build alternate user interfaces. An account is required with service and API keys are used for authentication.
California restaurant customer information service Food california,demographics,food,restaurant, The service provides management of customer segmentation records for member restaurants in California. The organization serves that state&#039;s 90,000+ restaurants which generate annual sales above $58 billion and employ more than 1.4 million people. One service to members is the ability to track market composition and demographics by location.  API methods support creating demographics records managed within the service and updating existing records.  
Blogging services Blogging blog, The Blogger Data API allows client applications to view and update Blogger content in the form of Google Data API feeds. Your client application can use the Data API to create new blog posts, edit or delete existing posts, and query for posts that match particular criteria.
Local deals and group buying service Shopping aggregator,coupons,deadpool,shopping, The GroopBuy Local Deals API allows developers to integrate a aggregate feed of local deals from sites like Groupon, LivingSocial and over 80 other deal sites in one place. The API features a RESTful interface and returns data via XML and JSON formats.
GPS tracking services for businesses and police Security enterprise,gps,police,security,tracking,transportation, GPSit provides covert GPS tracking services within the United States and Mexico. They specialize in providing solutions to owners of goods in transit, third party logistics providers, and law enforcement technical surveillance. By covertly incorporating tracking devices into shipments or assets, owners can monitor them in real time and quickly recover them if they are lost or stolen. Integrated device sensors can monitor environmental parameters such as temperature, humidity, altitude, light exposure, and vibration and send alerts if there is a threat or a dangerous change in environmental conditions.  TrackFusion is GPSit&#039;s browser-based application, designed to access the advanced capabilities of GPSit trackers in a simple-to-use environment. The application is viewable on all popular browsers and is password-protected. TrackFusion is built upon an XML-based open architecture and can therefore be integrated with other applications using a SOAP-based API.
Digital brand advertising measurement Advertising ads,advertising,brand,measurement,metrics,tracking, Vizu, a Nielsen company, allows brands and companies to gather real-time information about their customers and audiences. Vizu offers tools to measure and track digital brand advertising.   The Vizu API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Vizu with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. 
Clojure programming language example repository Reference code,internet,programming,reference, ClojureDocs is a community-powered documentation and example repository for the Clojure programming language. ClojureDocs provides a simple API for developing applications and tools that integrate with its contents and functions. This RESTful API provides programmatic methods for looking up examples and comments, searching for functions by name, and retrieving a list of existing Clojure versions.
Basecamp is a project management resource.  null collaboration,project-management,tools, Basecamp is a project management resource. 
3D model sharing platform File Sharing 3d,art,media,model,sharing, SketchFab is media platform that hosts interactive 3D models. Artists can publish their 3D modeling work to share with friends, family, or perspective employers. Others can browse the site or look up specific kinds of models, like planes, trains, or automobiles. The SketchFab API exposes the websitea??s upload functionality. Users can upload their images and include descriptive metadata. It is RESTful API that returns JSON results. 
Online identity management service Security identity,security, OneID provides a single digital identity that doesna??t require a username or password to access it and claims to be safer than services that do. It provides its users with one-click sign in, quick fill forms, and instant checkout services. OneID is designed to protect user privacy and personal information. It does not share or even track users&#039; online habits.  The OneID JavaScript API includes methods for creating or logging into OneID accounts and for accessing one&#039;s own information for uses such as filling in a form. Other API methods add buttons to a web page to perform these operations.
Job listing and recruitment service Job Search jobs,search, JobServe provides services to employment seekers and advertisers in the global market across all industry sectors. The JobServe API provides developer access to job searching functions through a RESTful interface. Results may be JSON or XML formatted.
Text analytics, Clustering, Classification & Visualization Tools classification,clustering,textanalytics,textmining,visualization, Treparel&#039;s KMX for OEM is a service that provides users with advanced search, analysis, and discovery capabilities for extracting information from text. In this way, it reveals hidden patterns and locates desired information in unstructured data sources such as email, application notes, blogs, social media, content management systems, research, and patent libraries.  KMX provides an open platform so that users can leverage its functions within existing technology environments. The KMX for OEM REST API enables rapid integration that is scalable, secure, and flexible.
Distributed graph database Database database,graph, InfiniteGraph offers a data management alternative to traditional relational databases. The company&#039;s products provide data management and relationship analytics capabilities to enterprise, government and large scale online ventures which depend on massive volumes of data. InfiniteGraph is a scalable, distributed and easy to configure graph database. The Java API provides developers access to the InfiniteGraph graph distribution system.
Freight management solutions Shipping shipping, Jedcart provides freight management solutions to market places, online retailers, and consumers. The Jedcart Freight Gateway API helps streamline freight management for buyers and sellers. The API includes a freight cost quotation service, a booking service, and a tracking service. These services are accomplished through GET calls.
Social polling service Social polls,social, Blobbr is a social polling service that focuses on you and your responses rather than the aggregate results. With Blobbr, you can create and share your position and thoughts with your friends instead of just tallying up the responses and lumping you in with everyone else.  The Blobbr API is RESTful, with XML or JSON responses. Some API requests require authorization using your Blobbr username and password. All POST, PUT and DELETE requests require authorization, and user-specific GET requests do as well.
Internet radio station directory Music directory,internet,music,radio, Dirble is an open radio station directory. It stores internet radio stations by category or by country. The API lets users get the stations for a specific category or a specific country. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
New York City data collection Government government,newyork,nyc, NYC Open Data is a collection of 750 New York City public datasets made available by city agencies and organizations. Some of the popular data includes parking facilities, federal stimulus expenditures and electric consumption by zip code. Also included are Open 311 service requests, health and education data.  
Information discovery network Social social, Eviscape is a social network communication platform: Discover, Publish, Connect, all based on Evis. An Evi can be a short message or full page posting to be shared with others.
Water quality data service Science environment,government,science,water, The USGS National Water Information System (NWIS) provides a suite of APIs to facilitate the automated sharing of water monitoring data. The USGS NWIS APIs provide information on all monitoring locations within a given geographic area and can also retrieve water-quality measurements by site. All data is provided by the NWISWeb database.
SMS  and MMS Messaging and Status API Telephony deadpool,MMS,telephony, Moviestar.com offers two APIs, a SMS API and a MMS API, with the same functionality for different message formats. Both services contain methods to send a SMS/MMS and to view the status of the message. Both APIs are RESTful APIs, with data returned in a JSON or XML format.
Service for updating status messages Social deadpool,microblogging,social, The HelloTxt API lets you simultaneously update your status and read your friends&#039; status across many services. Support services include Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and FriendFeed.
Web analytics service Internet analytics,internet, With Google Analytics, you can gather, view, and analyze data about your website traffic. By embedding the basic JavaScript snippet into your pages, you see which content gets the most visits, average page views and time on site for visits, which ads are driving the most visitors to your site, and more.   The Google Analytics Data Export API lets develop client applications that download Analytics data in the form of Google Data API feeds. Your client application can use the Data Export API to request data from an existing Analytics profile for an authorized user, and refine the results of the request using query parameters. Currently, the Data Export API supports read-only access to your Google Analytics data. The current feeds in the Data Export API contain two general categories of Analytics data: Analytics accounts and website profiles; Analytics report data from a single profile.
Call center efficiency platform Telephony call,call-center,customer,identification,telephony, Next Caller is both a free priority customer service membership service and a call center efficiency platform. The platform allows users to skip customer service hold queues, by enabling call centers to securely retrieve identification data and process calls more efficiently.  Authorized third party applications can use the Next Caller API to integrate with the platform. The REST API authenticates with OAuth 2.0 and supports JSON(P), XML, and F9XML formatted responses.
Photo and image collection Photos image,photo,publishing,search, The dkimages API contains an encyclopaedic collection of 90,000 high-resolution images that are ready for use. Ranging from classic white background shots to in-situ images, youa??ll have an amazing range of subjects to choose from for your applications.
Social blogging service Blogging blog,feeds,social, The fmylife.com site is a recollection of everyday anecdotes likely to happen to anyone. They are published on the site and written exclusively by our users. This site is a place to let it all out and unwind by sharing those little things that screw with your day; it allows you to realize that you are not alone. Posts are meant to start by &#039;Today&#039; and end by &#039;FML&#039;.
Services for IVR and Voice over IP, VoIP Telephony IVR,telephony,TTS, Voxeo offers a SIP voice platform as an on-demand service, powered by VoiceXML and CCXML API standards. Voxeo supports IVR, speech recognition, DB integration, CTI, call control and recording, conferencing, and more. The Voxeo API provides programmatic access to these voice and text to speech services (TTS). 
Great quotes database Entertainment entertainment,quotes,reference,wisdom, Quotes Daddy is an online quote library. It houses great sayings from past and present characters. The site offers a search bar that allows users to search by tag, quote, or author. Users can also subscribe to receive daily updates of quotes from a particular genre, such as Inspirational, Love, Friendship, and more. The Quotes Daddy API exposes the search functionality. It is a RESTful API that returns XML-encoded data. 
Profile removed Other  This profile has been removed, please visit: http://www.programmableweb.com/api/alchemyapi
Digital image store Photos affiliate,photo, PhotoXpress.com is a high quality, royalty-free image bank that offers digital images and illustrations to creative professionals. The API allows users to earn more money through affiliation by allowing them to create their own image bank and earn money through the affiliation program. With the API, they can search the PhotoXpress database of Free, Premium or both collections, display results on their own website, and generate revenue through our affiliation program. The API uses XML-RPC calls with responses formatted in XML.
Patent search service Search deadpool,law,search, This API uses the Google Patent Search service and gives you the ability to search over 7 million patents. The API returns a collection of GpatentResult objects. Each result object contains information about a patent - including - title of the patent, snippet style description, application filing date, patent status, patent number, patent assignees, thumbnail image URL for the patent, etc.
Search services Search deadpool,search, OpenSearch is a set of simple formats for the sharing of search results. Any website that has a search feature can make their results available in OpenSearch format. Other tools can then read those search results.
The adventure sports route diagrams search engine for rock and ice climbing, caving, canyoning, hiking, skiing, snowshoeing, mountain biking, via ferrata. null climbing,hiking,mapping,skiing,sports, The adventure sports route diagrams search engine for rock and ice climbing, caving, canyoning, hiking, skiing, snowshoeing, mountain biking, via ferrata.
Location Tracking Services Telephony deadpool,geolocation,mobile,telephony, Use the Orange Location API to access location data for an Orange customer. If an Orange France mobile user has allowed their location to be shared, you can get location data for their mobile device.
Bulk SMS messaging service Messaging Global,messaging,mobile,sms,telephony, The TextMagic API is a web based text messaging solution for businesses. TextMagic&#039;s Email to SMS service lets you can send and receive text messages via email. It works with any email account and can be used as an email based API. The SMS Gateway API is secure and can be integrated with TextMagic ready made SMS scripts.
Image uploading service Photos cloud,image,photo,storage,upload, Uploads.im is a simple image uploading web service. Users may upload an unlimited number of images to be stored on the server indefinitely. The Uploads.im API allows third party applications to upload images. The API accepts HTTP GET or POST calls and returns JSON(P), XML, or TEXT formatted responses.
Gaming service for Flash games Games deadpool,flash,games, Heyzap allows any website or blog to take the most exciting Flash games and put them into their website. This results in the website/blog having increased traffic, user time of site and engagement. When youtube got video out everywhere over the internet, it changed the entire experience of the internet.
Comparison shopping service Shopping comparison,shopping, DataFeedFile.com (DFF) gathers data feed files from thousands of Online Stores (merchants), we categorize and process data feed files to create a usable and searchable database. DFF&#039;s main focus is to help webmasters (Affiliates) create price comparison shopping functionality easier and faster without needing their own database.
Proximity platform and application Telephony location,mobile,telephony,tools, NeuAer is a platform that allows users to automate actions in their digital lives by detecting things happening and things around users in their physical lives. Using proximity applications, NeuAer allows users to connect their phones with other devices and items.  The NeuAer API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of NeuAer with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include connecting devices, managing devices, and managing account information.
Scholarly article discussion tracker Education articles,education,tracking, Altmetric is a powerful web application that tracks online conversations about scientific articles. It searches for mentions of scholarly works on social media sites, scholarly bookmarking services, and in science news outlets. Altmetric collects and analyzes hundreds of thousands of postings about tens of thousands of articles and datasets each month.  This data is made available to end users through a web interface and to developers through an API. The Altmetric API functions using REST calls issued in JSON and JSONP.
Application hosting services Telephony application,hosting,telephony,VoIP, NovelASPect is a leading application hosting provider for small to medium-sized businesses. NovelASPect offers everything from QuickBooks Hosting to Business VoIP services. Their hosted VoIP service includes access to a number of APIs. These APIs include functionality such as creating PBX features, provisioning new customers, buying phone numbers, originating faxes and more. Full documentation is not publicly available.
Electronics parts search services Shopping database,electronics,search,shopping, Use the Octopart Search API to query the Octopart database for parts. Octopart is a search engine for electronic parts. The Octopart Search API returns a JSON object with a response and also has an optional Javascript download. On the main site, you can search for parts, get a datasheet, price, availability listing, and then click a link to Buy Now.
Internet of Things (IoT) platform Backend backend,internet,paas,things, Xively is a Platform as a Service (PaaS) for the Internet of Things, which refers to the virtual representations of real-world objects and the connections between them. The platform is designed to make it easier to connect devices, data, people, and places. To this end, it provides messaging, data archiving, provisioning, and directory services. These functions are all accessible programmatically through the Xively API.
Conversion tracking for social media Social analytics,facebook,sharing,social,Twitter, The easiest and most flexible way for developers, marketers, and publishers to harness social data in applications. Understand which users and behavior patterns drive more traffic, conversions, and revenue using awe.sm&#039;s powerful quantitative performance analytics.
Job feeds service Job Search deadpool,jobs, JobMotel allows users to discover web developer jobs, contract, permanent and freelance vacancies listed. JobMotel pulls its results from a number of sources and aggregates them into one resource.
Pass and ticket creation service for PassBook Payment coupons,pass,payment,ticket, PassHound is a service for developers for Passbook integration with their applications. Developers can create passes and tickets for Apple&#039;s PassBook.   Public documentation is not available; interested developers should request more information here:  http://passhound.com/welcome/
US Federal Reserve Economic data Government government,reference, The FRED API is a web service that allows developers to write programs and build applications that retrieve economic data from the FRED and ALFRED websites hosted by the Economic Research Division of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Requests can be customized according to data source, release, category, series, and other preferences. 
Social security number validation service Government government,security,SSN,validation, The US Social Security Administration (SSA) delivers social security services through a nationwide network of over 1,400 offices. The SSA offers the Consent Based Social Security Number Verification Service (CBSV) as a way of verifying whether a SSN holder&#039;s name and Social Security Number (SSN) combination match SSA&#039;s records. The CBSV can be used by companies offering banking and mortgage services, credit check processing, background checks and more.  The CBSV API can be used as an alternative to the online application. Users can access the functionality of the CBSV processing and can retreive results in real time. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Cash payment service Payment deadpool,payment,shopping, PayNearMe is a payment service that enables consumers to pay with cash for goods and services from companies online and at local stores, such as 7-Eleven stores in the US, via order slips.  The PayNearMe API allows developers to access the functionality of PayNearMe. Some example API methods include creating orders, retrieving payment slips, and calling servers when orders are placed. Public documentation is not available; API access is available with accounts.
Travel industry transaction processing service Travel booking,flight,travel, Amadeus is the leading provider of IT solutions and transaction processor to the travel and tourism industry. Amadeus provides processing services including search, pricing, booking and ticketing in real-time to travel providers and travel agencies. The Amadeus API lets developers build and update customised travel booking applications.The API uses both HTTP and SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML. Full documentation is not publicly available.
Voice control and activation platform Tools mobile,telephony,tools,Voice, Voicesphere is a voice control platform. Voicesphere can be used as an application on mobile devices or as a platform for developers to integrate into applications.  The Voicesphere API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Voicesphere with other applications and to create voice-controlled applications. Some example API methods include retrieving calls, sending requests, and managing responses.  
Travel booking and comparison services Travel comparison,deals,travel, Travelope aggregates deals from the top online travel sites and offers an uncluttered and simple interface in contrast to the flashier sites of larger travel companies. Deals are arranged by date as well as user reviews, ranked from an exclusive, proprietary algorithm that rates the most relevant travel deals. Deal links are direct to the source, so users can get direct access to off-site content. The &quot;Best in Travel&quot; weekly feature also offers another source of popular deals ranked by Travelope as well as users.  The free API allows developers to build applications using Travelope&#039;s aggregation techniques in a RESTful or SOAP framework. XML, JSON or RSS data formats are supported.
Ringtones services Music charts,music,ringtones,social, The Motime Open Access platform is an affiliate program based on the APIs of the Motime service, that allows partners/affiliates to advertise Motime content on their own web and/or mobile sites and earn money for each referral given to Motime.  The chart API uses a REST protocol to allow users to list ringtones categorized by a variety of charts by music genre.
Mobile community development platform Chat chat,deadpool,mobile,social,telephony,Voice, The fring API enables you to take your social application mobile. It provides access to fring main features like contact list, VoIP, chat & file sharing while wrapping other handset properties like GPS & Camera so they can be accessed easily without the need to know any mobile development technologies, beside web development skills. The API enable application to run with minor changes on several platforms Nokia S60, Samsung S60, WM, J2ME soon iPhone and more.   
SoundCloud is a social audio platform Music audio,music,social,sound, SoundCloud is the leading audio platform that enables anyone to upload, record, promote and share their sounds across the web. The SoundCloud API makes most of the SoundCloud features from [[SoundCloud.com]] available to app developers. With the help of its SDKs it&#039;s easy to integrate functionality like audio sharing and recording directly into iOS, Android and web apps.   
Digital and virtual goods payment service Payment games,payment,virtual, The Facebook Credits API enables a user to use credits as a method for purchasing digital and virtual goods within an application. A user places an order by clicking a &quot;Pay with Facebook&quot; button. The order gets submitted to Facebook through JavaScript. Based on the contents of the &#039;order_info&#039; parameter passed to Facebook and Facebook gets the item details. Responses are formatted in JSON.
Library data access Reference books,library,reference,search, Search for books, videos, or music in the WorldCat database. Responses can include location of the asset at a particular library, with a link. Optionally get the response in a citation format that you need, such as APA or MLA.
Let Timeline be filled with words from the heart. Moment is a service which enables you and your friends to send best wishes to your loved ones at their precious moment with Twitter. You can fill out Timeline for a baby shower to celebrate the birth of new life, to boost up a friend who starts on a journey, or as a bouquet to celebrate onea??s birthday. null messaging,social, Let Timeline be filled with words from the heart. Moment is a service which enables you and your friends to send best wishes to your loved ones at their precious moment with Twitter. You can fill out Timeline for a baby shower to celebrate the birth of new life, to boost up a friend who starts on a journey, or as a bouquet to celebrate onea??s birthday.
Online barcode database Reference barcode,reference,shopping,utility, Amazonca.com provides users with online access to a barcode database that it maintains. Users are given a method of locating a product and providing product information using a barcode. The website enables users to search for items using barcodes. The API gives users functionality for search, comments and images. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Bible poetry feed service Feeds bible,feeds,religion,social, Acrostic.me is a Bible-related search engine specializing in finding acrostic words. The acrostic poems created can be saved and printed freely as well as purchased for display on over 350 products. Acrostic.me currently supports searching various Bible translations and plans to add other content such as famous speeches and famous and well-known documents.  Hosted by mashape, the Acrostic.me Trending API provides a real-time feed service for the top-20 most popular pages on Acrostic.me. Return formats currently supported include RSS, JSON and JSONP.
Application engagement service Enterprise application,engagement,enterprise,social,viral, AppSocially is a service for making applications engaging and viral. AppSocially helps application developers and companies engage with their users and understand their needs and wants.  The AppSocially API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AppSocially with other applications. The API allows for metric and data tracking of user activity and application virality.  
Driving directions web service Mapping Directions,mapping, The Google Directions Web Service web service calculates directions between locations using an REST request. Directions may specify origins, destinations and waypoints either as text strings (e.g. &quot;Chicago, IL&quot;) or as latitude/longitude coordinates. The Directions web service can return multi-part directions using a series of waypoints.  This service is designed for giving directions for static addresses for placement of application content on a map and this service is not designed to respond in real time to user input, for example.   The Directions Web Service is a companion to the existing Geocoding and Elevation Web Services, and allows applications to obtain Driving, Bicycling, and Walking directions through an XML/JSON REST interface. All of the features of the Map API v3 Directions service are supported, including ???avoid highways???, ???avoid tolls???, and waypoint optimization (travelling salesman solver). 
Online payment service Payment billing,finance,invoicing,payment,webhooks, Stripe is a service that allows users to accept payments online, specifically developers. With the Stripe application, users can keep track of payments, search past payments, create recurring charges, and keep track of customers.  The Stripe API allows developers to access the functionality of Stripe. Some example API methods include sending invoices, accepting payments, managing subscription billing, and editing and managing account information.
Oklahoma State University event retrieval service Calendar calendar,education, The Oklahoma State University (OSU) website hosts a number of useful features, one of which is the Calendar Web Service API. This service enables users to programmatically retrieve scheduled OSU events. Users can retrieve all events occurring between two given dates, which can be up to 999 days apart. This API uses SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Travel itinerary search service Travel search,travel, Rome2rio is an API to discover travel itineraries from all around the world. Users can search various travel modes including plane, train, bus, car and ferries. The API provides access to over 700 airlines & 2 million surface routes in the database. This includes rail coverage in Europe, India, Egypt, Morocco and China; and intercity bus and rail coverage in North America (USA and Canada). The API uses HTTP calls and responses are in JSON.
Secure online payments service Payment payment, The SagePay Reporting and Admin API allows back-office systems to interact with the Sage Pay payment systems in the same manner as a person with a web browser might use our My Sage Pay administration area. The API uses the same user accounts and privilege system as My Sage Pay, and will allow account administration and reporting functions, but with a finer degree of granularity than the My Sage Pay Screens, with all messages in real-time in a consistent XML format. SagePay offers secure online payment solutions for over 30,000 businesses. Full documentation for the API is not publicly available.
Location sharing social networking Social mapping,places,social, The Shizzow API lets you announce your location to your friends. You can add and remove friends, add and remove locations, post arrival and departure times and more.
Online repository of medical device information  Medical medical,patent,reference, Boliven is rebranding as DiscoverIP.  Boliven is an online repository that users can search to find information on medical devices and technology. Information included about medical devices include patents, publications, companies, clinical trials, and news releases for purposes of research and development, business development, and intellectual property issues.  The Boliven API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Boliven with other applications and to create other applications. Some example API methods include searching and retrieving patent data, accessing publications and resources, and listing medical devices.
U.S. labor and economic information service Government government,jobs,statistics, The Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) is a federal agency that tracks labor market activity, working conditions, and price changes in the U.S. economy. The BLS Public Data API provides users with access to raw economic data from all of the BLS&#039;s programs for use in their original applications. This API is freely available to the public and requires no registration to use.
Online real estate report generator Real Estate realestate,tools, Cloud CMA is an online report generator for real estate agents and brokers. The Cloud CMA API provides a RESTful interface for customers to embed report creation functionality within their websites. Report types include CMA, buyer tour, and property reports.
Common APIs for building social applications Social opensocial,social, Note: This is an API standard used by many API providers, not just Google. For all compatible APIs listed on ProgrammableWeb, use the [[http://www.programmableweb.com/apitag/opensocial opensocial tag]]. OpenSocial provides a common set of APIs for social applications across multiple websites. With standard JavaScript and HTML, developers can create apps that access a social networks friends and update feeds. There are two ways to access the OpenSocial API: client-side using the JavaScript API and server-side using RESTful data APIs.
Music Recognition Music mobile,music, The TrackID web service API provides access to location-enabled music charts and is part of the Sony Ericsson OpenAPI program. This API will allow application developers to adapt and combine this service with their own mobile experiences.
Restaurant and food data Food food,local,recommendations,restaurant,social, Food Genius tracks restaurant data in an effort to help businesses understand consumer personas and their habits, inspire new products, develop marketing strategies, and project demand. The data is gathered from over 14 million restaurant menu items and from tracking social sites where consumers comment on the restaurants.  The Food Genius API provides developers access to this data. Included are more than 600,000 locations, 200,000 menus, and 14,000,000 dishes. Functionality is spread across three areas; places, menus and tastes. Places provides information on restaurant locations and allows for searches on these locations or a point, a city or neighborhood. Menus lets users discover menu items based on a restaurant name, description of the dish and more. Taste lets one track user preferences and provide recomendations. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Advertising data provider Advertising advertising,Data,marketing,research, SpotRight provides marketers with social data and actionable influence to support multi-channel marketing. The SpotRight provides a RESTful interface for developers looking to interact directly with SpotRight functions.
Movie and television subtitle service Entertainment entertainment,movies,subtitle,television, Submax.com allows users to find and download subtitles for movies and television series. This simple API connects to SubsMax.com&#039;s database and returns relevant results based on the parameters the user sets. Parameters include the number of responses, the title, the language and year. API calls use RESTful protocol.
Music graphics service Music music, Find cover art for CDs, DVDs and video games. Search by keyword and category. Provides URLs to thumbnail and larger versions of every cover, along with meta-data about the artist, as well as the images.
Music and Audiobook Search Service Music albums,artists,audiobooks,deadpool,music,songs, The eMusic API allows anyone to build their own eMusic-integrated applications. The API provides simple methods that developers can use to tap into our unique functionality and rich data sets. Using the API, developers and users can search artists, albums, tracks and audio books; look up community and user ratings; integrate &quot;eMusic Top 40&quot; charts; discover similar artists and recommendations; browse editorial content and reviews; grab album covers and song samples.
Real-time visualizations of the stream of information flowing into Flickr. View photos, tags or buddy icons as they are active on the site. null flash,flickr,photo,realtime,visualization, Real-time visualizations of the stream of information flowing into Flickr. View photos, tags or buddy icons as they are active on the site.
Public government database Government government,semantic,uk, This is the official data directory from the UK government. It seeks to give a way into the wealth of government data. The resources here are accessible via linked data formats like RDF.
Mobile work management service Project Management Data,media,mobile,photo,project-management, FotoNotes is a mobile work management solution. It can be used for project management, task management, work order management, issue reporting, and inspections. Users can access work information anywhere and make existing processes, tasks, and forms mobile-friendly so that everything can be done on-the-go. FotoNotes can capture, store, and share information securely in the form of data, photos, voice notes, GPS, time stamps, and more.  Users can integrate with FotoNotes using its RESTful API. The API can move data to and from the FotoNotes application and extend other existing systems to mobile devices via the FotoNotes platform.
eBay transaction complaint resolution management service Other resolution,shopping,transactions, eBay&#039;s Resolution Case Management service allows users to retrieve, track, manage, and resolve complaint cases opened by buyers in the eBay Resolution Center.   The API is primarily used by sellers to retrieve, track, manage, and resolve all eBay &quot;Buyer Protection,&quot; &quot;Item Not Received,&quot; and &quot;Significantly Not As Described&quot; cases that are opened by buyers in the Resolution Center.   The API has calls that allow sellers to issue full refunds or partial refunds to buyers, and to provide shipping information to the buyer for returns.
Web hosting services Internet internet, From their site: The SliceManager API allows for the easy and convenient manipulation of your Slicehost account, allowing you to automate tasks as needed. Slicehost is a Web hosting company for people who know their stuff, built for Developers. Give us a box, give us bandwidth, give us performance and we get to work.
Computer programming problem finder Tools code,programming,tools, UVa Online Judge provides visitors with access to hundreds of problems similar to those used in programming contests. uHunt is a tool for finding interesting algorithm problems to solve on UVa Online Judge. It also keeps statistics on solved problems. The uHunt API allows other developers who are interested in querying UVa to integrate uHunt into their own tools via REST calls.
iOS push notification service Messaging application,iOS,messaging,push, ZeroPush is a scalable iOS push notification service. Developers can send push notifications to their applications&#039; end users from the ZeroPush web interface and explore any data they collect through ZeroPush from a general overview down to specifics. The ZeroPush API provides developers with a programmatic interface to the iOS push notification functions.
TSA information service Government government,mobile,security,transportation,travel, The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) provides the MyTSA API which allows users to integrate several features into third-party applications. These features include TSA security checkpoint wait times, TSA PreCheck locations, sunrise/sunset times for all locations, and other data sources. The services uses REST calls and can return XML or JSON.
Travel booking service Travel booking,deadpool,services,travel, Note: No public API documentation is available for this API - signed NDA is required to obtain to review an API. In their words: Travel dynamic booking engine with wholesale fares and rates with API connectivity. Standalone API&#039;s for Aggregated Consolidator Fares XML, Yacht Charter XML and Private Jet Charter XML.
Property inspection company&#039;s order management service Real Estate property,realestate, National Vendor Management Services (NVMS) is a property inspection and preservation company that deals with both residential and commercial properties. The NVMS API allows clients to add an order or to request the cancellation of an order with NVMS. Clients can also retrieve information and images associated with an order. This API relies on SOAP calls to retrieve data in either XML or DataSet format.
Healthcare app connection service Medical application,backend,health,healthcare,medical, Validic helps healthcare businesses connect with dozens of mobile health applications - apps such as Fitbit, RunKeeper, MapMyRide, and iHealth - and offer them to their users. When end-users enter data into an app, that data gets sent to the healthcare business&#039;s system. This allows the business to collect useful information from their customers and improve their healthcare services without incurring the cost of developing and maintaining their own system of app connections. Integration with Validic is accomplished using its RESTful API.
Credit card payment and reloading service Financial banking,creditcard,financial,payment,recharge, Fuze Network is a credit card payment and recharge service. Fuze Network allows users to send money directly to a credit card as a payment, debit card as a deposit or prepaid card as a load. It can be used for online funds disbursement, gifting, shared, me2me and p2p payments or walk-in cash transactions.   The Fuze Network API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Fuze Network with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email info@fuzenetwork.com for API information. 
Dating rating site Social dating,deadpool,social, NOTE: As of 2008 this API appears to be discontinued.
Bookmark long web pages Bookmarks bookmarks,internet, The Instapaper API allows third-party applications to add URLs to Instapaper. Instapaper is a service that lets users save long web pages to read at a later time. The API has a single method. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Mobile Authentication Service Security authentication,deadpool,mobile,security, 
Community driven news links and ratings News bookmarks,deadpool,news, From their site: The Digg Application Programming Interface (API) has been created to let users and partners interact programmatically with Digg. Digg is a place for people to discover and share content from anywhere on the web. From the largest sties to the smallest blogs, Digg surfaces the best stuff as voted on by users. The API returns Digg data in a form that can be integrated into an application or a web site. The API is available to everyone free of charge, but its use is subject to acceptance of the API License Agreement.  Make most of the data on Digg.com available through the API. Currently, you can use the API to request very specific information about news stories, images and videos submitted to Digg, digging activity, comments, and users. The API accepts REST-like requests and offers several response types: XML, JSON, and Javascript. In addition, a Digg sponsored PEAR module is available for PHP as well other open-source toolkits.
2013 International Days data Events calendar,Catalonia,events,government, The Statistical Institute of Catalonia (Idescat) is an organization that produces official Catalan economy, demography, and society statistics. Idescat exposes some of its data via a collection of REST APIs.  In support of UNESCOa??s International Daysa??designated dates to mark important aspects of human life and historya??and in recognition of 2013 as the International Year of Statistics, Idescat has created the International Days API. The International Days API provides simple HTTP calls returning data on the next upcoming International Day. Responses may be JSON or serialized PHP format. 
Social network Social facebook,opensocial,social, From their site: Allows users to share photos with music, and blogs, and draw on members White Boards.
Online travel booking service Travel booking,deadpool,reservations,travel, Booking Engine is an application dedicated to the assessment and management of budgets for travel hotel, lodging, tour operators etc. For users is offers the following functionality: calculation of contemporary preventive treatments in all available rooms, reservation confirmation, customer e-mail confirmation, high-speed computing. It has an API for developers but lacks a description or public documentation.
SMS messaging service Messaging Global,messaging,sms,sweden,telephony,uk, SMS Send & Receive lets you send and receive SMS messages using a simple REST-like web API. With your personal API key you get 1000 free SMS messages that you can send using the API, as well as a keyword for receiving SMS messages sent to your service.   Update 8/29/11: Unfortunately the SMS Send & Receive API is still down. Due to problems in one of the modules we have been forced to bring the service down for an extended service break.
eBay Search service Search auction,search,shopping, eBay&#039;s primary web services are found in the three following API&#039;s:  The [[http://www.programmableweb.com/api/ebay-trading Trading API]] is designed to provide robust support for transactional activities. The services offered by the Trading API allow developers to list items, manage user information, get item information, and manage eBay sales and purchases.  The [[http://www.programmableweb.com/api/ebay-shopping Shopping API]] is a more lightweight service that is optimized for buyer shopping and browsing. The Shopping API lets users take searches off of eBay and put them into their own site or application. This API is designed for the creation of buying applications with very fast response times.  The [[http://www.programmableweb.com/api/ebay-finding Finding API]] is eBay&#039;s next generation search API. The Finding API provides more relevant search results compared to existing search API&#039;s and has an array of search refinement capabilities. Developers can leverage the Finding API to integrate more robust searching and browsing experiences into their buying applications.  Note: As of October 2011, eBay has deprecated the GetSearchResults and GetCategoryListings services from the Trading API, and the FindItemsAdvanced and FindItems services from the Shopping API. This functionality has been migrated to the Finding API.
Music recommendation service and discovery Music discovery,music,playlists,recommendations,similarities, MeeMix Web Service enables partners to synchronize their own media libraries with the MeeMix database, and subsequently suggest musical recommendations and playlists to both unregistered and registered users. MeeMix API makes our core technology accessible from virtually every web-integrated device. It supports both SOAP and REST web service protocols.  MeeMix services enable businesses to personalize their music and media portals, stores or applications with the goal of optimizing conversion and customer retention and significantly boosting long-tail sales.
Cell phone number validation service Telephony mobile,telephony,uk, Data8 is the UK&#039;s premier data solutions provider with a range of data cleansing, postcode lookup and data validation services to ultimately improve the way businesses communicate with their customers.  The Data8 Mobile Telephone Number Validation service is a fast and efficient method to validate which mobile (cell) numbers are still live. We can also tell you the network  and country, and even the country the phone is currently in. 
Community translation service Social deadpool,social,Translation, Social Translator is a social community for translation, where words and phrases get translated for the benefit of everyone. Help translate information in the context that it&#039;s meant to be translated in, even help translate YouTube videos. Social translator provides a JavaScript widget API that allows your visitors to translate your website using human translation mixed with Google Translation. Google Translation can be selected if no human translation is given.
Web based drag-and-drop sharing platform Storage photo,social,storage, The Minus API allows users to create galleries and upload images programmatically. Minus is a drag-and-drop sharing platform. Users can drag their pictures, documents, music, videos and other files onto the homepage, and start sharing. Using the API, developers can read, edit, create and delete users, folders and files. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
Online golf equipment store Shopping deadpool,golf,shopping,sports, This API is no longer supported Golfballs.com is an online golfing supplies store. They sell all kind of equipment - both new and used - including golf clubs, bags, shoes, and customized golf balls. Golfballs.com provides an API that lets users shop for used equipment programmatically. It includes functions for finding clubs of a certain type, retrieving items made by a given manufacturer, and adding or removing items from the virtual cart. The API accepts SOAP calls issued in XML format.
SMS messaging service Messaging Global,messaging,sms,telephony,uk, TextMarketer is a UK-based SMS messaging platform that allows developers to send text messages with their applications. In addition, you can check for available keywords, retrieve the number of credits left in your account and obtain delivery reports.  Coverage is global but excludes the USA because providers require a USA short code sender ID.
SeeqPod Music Discovery Music discovery,music,search, Submit a song you like to the SeeqPod Music Discovery API, and it will return a list of Playable Search results that we think you&#039;ll like.
SMS messaging service Messaging Global,messaging,sms,telephony, With the 2-WaySMS, users can re-send every incoming message to a specified script (via HTTP-POST request) or e-mail, and  save it into the virtual inbox of the number owner. 2-WaySMS provides a reliable channel for incoming and outgoing data, communications and partnerships, independent of the weather, time, or distance. The API uses SMPP or HTTP protocol.
Web form creation software Office forms,office, PerfectForms is a software application for creating and deploying web-based solutions to manage workflow and streamline collaborative processes. It uses a drag and drop interface that allows users to build web forms. PerfectForms API allows third party applications to pass data into PerfectForms or extract data from it. They can query and modify account-wide data programmatically and invisibly. The most common uses for the API are:  * creating a new form instance and populating fields with data * updating existing form fields * deleting a form instance * reading data from an existing form instance.  PerfectForms has three different API types: * Account API - Query and modify account-wide data.  * Form API - Query and modify form-specific data. Each published form has a dedicated service to read data from and write data to PerfectForms form instances. * Portal API - Query user-specific data such as lists of viewable forms or pending notifications. This enables developers to create their own web portal where users can log in and view forms, reports and notifications.  The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Chinese microblogging service Social china,microblogging,social, Sina Weibo is a Chinese microblogging website. The Sina Weibo API provides developers with programmatic access to the service. Via the API, users can read and write to all aspects of the service including microblogging, comments, users, topics, relations and much more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON. The site and documentation are in Chinese.
Deal distribution service Shopping coupons,deals,group,india,location,places, OfferGrid.com is a location aware distribution network for deals. OfferGrid.com offers a platform for deal suppliers to connect with retailers and publishers.   The OfferGrid.com API allows developers to access the functionality of OfferGrid.com for integration with other applications and sites. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up on the website or contact business@offergrid.com.
eBay item and product recommendation service Shopping listings,product,recommendations,sales, The eBay Merchandising API retrieves relevant information about products or item listings on eBay to help users sell more merchandise to eBay buyers.   This API can be used to create applications that provide suggested products or item listings based on buyers&#039; searching or selection activity. Sellers can also use this API to augment their own listings with cross-promotions for their users.
Language identification service Utility language,Translation, LangID is a fast way to retrieve information about any sort of language, without specifying the language. Give the service a piece of text and it provides the English name of the language, the ISO code, and an image of the flag of one of the countries this language is spoken in. The API extends LangID for developers to build on.
Advertising management service Advertising advertising,social, Provides methods to add, edit and manage advertising campaigns running within Facebook. Your ad management application can work with keywords, ad groups and even generate reports.
Credit card payment gateway Payment payment, SecurePayTech provides businesses with an online payment gateway for authorizing and processing credit card transactions. It also comes with a reporting service that can provide information on both individual transactions and trends over time. Users can access the payment gateway programmatically using either REST or SOAP methods. Sample code is available for PHP, ColdFusion, and ASP.NET.
CSS markup validation service Internet css,internet,webdesign, The W3C CSS Validation Service is a free software created by the W3C to help Web designers and Web developers check Cascading Style Sheets (CSS). It compares user style sheets to the CSS specifications, helping to find errors, typos, or incorrect uses of CSS, it will also tell when the user&#039;s CSS poses some risks in terms of usability. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Simple Currency API Financial currency,finance, Exchange Rate API provides accurate exchange rates served from the European Central Reserve Bank as they are released. It only involves getting the contents returned by a URL. This API is free to use for both personal and commercial use.
Web site metrics and reporting Internet internet, In limited public-beta as of Jan 2006.
Music and musician info and videos Music deadpool,music,video, The Yahoo! Music API gives developers access to the Yahoo! Music catalog of artists, albums, tracks, videos, ratings and more. It provides numerous ways to browse the catalog: through charts, search, similarities, genres, artists, and user recommendations and ratings.
Parcel Tracking Service Shipping courier,email,shipping,tracking, ParcelCheck is a  package tracking and courier aggregator. The API is designed for e-commerce based solutions. It allows online merchants to keep customers updated where their  parcel is from multiple local and international couriers. The API provides for live integrated tracking  and includes features to allow users to add tracking results to any page as well as get email status notifications for many courier services such as Aramex, Berco, ChurcHillsInternational, CourierIT, DHL, DPE, EMS UniversalPostalUnion, Fastway, InterTownTransport, iParcel, MDSCollivery, Postnet, RAM, SAPO, SouthAfricanPostOffice,  SpeedServices, Supaswift, TheCourierGuy, TNT and more. Additional API details are available by request. 
Catalog of downloadable software Reference reference,software, This service lets users embed Softonic content into their own website and applications. The Softonic API allows developers around the world to build applications and mashups based on Softonic&#039;s content.. Softonic is the leading website for software downloads in Europe and one of the leading sites in the world with a catalog of more than 100,000 categorized programs. With the API users can get information on software sections, programs and other users of Softonic. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML, JSON or PHP.
Personal task list service PIM pim,tasks, Google Tasks provides a to-do list system for users within GMail, Calendar, iGoogle home page and a direct mobile site. The Google Tasks API provides developers with a set of API endpoints for searching, reading, and updating Google Tasks content and metadata. With the API a user can retrieve, update, delete and create task lists as well as retrieve, update, order, delete and create tasks.  The service is currently in Google Labs, so it&#039;s considered to be in beta. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Contact Center Outbound Call Service Telephony enterprise,mobile,telephony,video,VoIP, 8x8 is a company who specializes in services to fit the needs of businesses in the areas of voice, video, mobile, and unified communications. They offer a suite of APIs to couple your needs with the Virtual Contact Center offerings of 8x8.  The Click to Dial API is simple HTTP API that lets logged in agents create an outbound call in an external URL window. This allows for clickable hyperlink creation in user records for dialing a customer&#039;s phone number.  Requests are made securely through HTTPS using GET/POST. 
Marijuana Dispensary Deals Service  Advertising advertising,coupons,deals,drugs,social, WeedDeals provides daily deals for local marijuana dispensaries to users Facebook, email, or twitter feeds. The WeedDeals API allows users to search for deals by city, retrieve information about specific deals, and several other functions. The service uses REST calls and will return data in JSON or XML. Access is available with an API key. 
Online office suite Office office,pim, From their site: The Zoho Application Programming Interface (API) lets anyone write their own program to pull Zoho Writer & Zoho Sheet data and work with it in many possible ways. There&#039;s a list of API methods for both Zoho Writer and Zoho Sheet available to you. To get the list of API methods for the above Zoho services please click on the link mentioned below: * Zoho Writer API -- Lets client applications view, list, create/edit and perform a host of useful operations on their documents. * Zoho Sheet API -- Lets you to view, list, modify/save, and rename the workbook available in your Zoho Sheet account. Additional applications now include Zoho show, viewer, creator, planner, reports, projects, meeting, and invoice.
Video advertising service Advertising advertising,mobile,publishing,video, Virool is a video advertising service that allows advertisers to promote their video ads on applications, games, and websites from publishers. Publishers can monetize their content by allowing advertisers to integrate their video ads into the content.  The Virool API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Virool with other applications. The API allows for video publishing and integration with mobile and web content. 
Website color analysis tool Internet analysis,color,css,internet,webdesign, Colorfy It is a web application that lets users copy and paste website URLs into a box, and it returns the colors, CSS, and color ID information from the website for color analysis.  The Colorfy It API allows users to access information and functionality from Colorfy It. Current API methods include discovering and returning CSS and listing discoveries.
Online display ad service Advertising advertising,campaign, DoubleClick is a large advertising network specializing in online display ads. The company is a subsidiary of Google and provides an API for customers to manage their accounts. DoubleClick&#039;s API is SOAP-based and does not provide helper libraries, so developers need to interact directly with the service using XML. There are currently 19 separate WSDLs for describing the services and commands available, including procedures for logging users in and organizing advertising campaigns.
Share music on Twitter. Uses APIs from iLike, Last.fm and Twitter. null microblogging,music,social,streaming,tweets, Share music on Twitter. Uses APIs from iLike, Last.fm and Twitter.
Image resizing service Internet editing,image,internet, You-tracker.coma??s Image Resizer API is a free web service allowing websites to resize images to a specified height and width. In addition to the ability to specify an imagea??s quality percentage, the API supports the options of preserving the aspect ratio and/or preventing enlargement.   
Media upload, processing and storage Media Management conversion,media,photo,thumbnail,upload,video, Transloadit offers media upload, modification, and storage as a service for developers who need that functionality, but don???t want to worry about it themselves. The service converts video into multiple formats and performs photo resizing, as well as stores the media in Amazon S3.
Bird sighting and identification service Science animals,biology,deadpool,education,science, The service from Cornell University&#039;s Lab of Ornithology provides descriptive information about bird species to support bird watchers and biological researchers. Along with related services Avian Knowledge Network and Neotropical Birds Online, it gives free access to authoritative information about individual species. Also available is information about bird populations for specific locations, including a mapping interface.  API methods support information retrieval by species or location. Applications can also log sightings of particular species and tracking of individual contributors&#039; sightings. The provider invites birders to share their sightings across the eBird community for use by hobbyists, science research, and conservation efforts. 
Property management services Real Estate management,property,realestate, BookingCenter is a maker of property management software. Offering both web based and desktop solutions, BookingCenter software allows users to perform the following tasks: reservations, guest history, group bookings, housekeeping, guest accounting (folios), house accounting (house folios and reporting), night audit and automatic billing, content and security control and more.  The Booking Engine API allows users to access the functionality of the BookingCenter software and integrate it with their existing systems. It is available in both REST and SOAP protocols and responses are formatted in XML. Full documentation is available upon signing a non-disclosure agreement.
3D image slider widget Widgets 3d,photo,widgets, CU3ER is 3D image slider that can be inserted and integrated into a user&#039;s webpage using a JavaScript API. This API provides extended bidirectional communication with CU3ER that gives users with a way to sync CU3ER with rest of their page elements. A library of simple functions are available to control the 3D image slider such as play, pause, next, and onTransition.
Hotel reservation service Travel booking,hotel,reservations,travel, XML API from Alliance Reservations Network for hotel availability, rate details, bookings, and cancellations. The API provides tools for an experienced developer to implement the back end for a hotel reservation booking engine: integration with static content and search interface, availability request with rate information (including multiple currency display), request for detailed information, reservation request, and canceling a reservation.
Uses the Wordnik API to retrieve random words. Then creates short URLs for users with those words. Instead of generated gibberish, it uses English words to make the URLs memorable and repeatable, in addition to short. null deadpool,Dictionary,internet,url-shortener,utility, Uses the Wordnik API to retrieve random words. Then creates short URLs for users with those words. Instead of generated gibberish, it uses English words to make the URLs memorable and repeatable, in addition to short.
poliTwitter indexes Canadian federal and provincial political tweets in one location. The site maintains a list of politicians and other political tweeters & hash tags. You can view tweets narrowed down by MPs, partisan affiliation, province and more. null canada,government,microblogging,politics,Twitter, poliTwitter indexes Canadian federal and provincial political tweets in one location. The site maintains a list of politicians and other political tweeters & hash tags. You can view tweets narrowed down by MPs, partisan affiliation, province and more.
Instant messaging Chat chat, From their site: A Yahoo! Messenger Plug-in is an HTML page that runs inside Yahoo! Messenger. Developers create plug-ins using the Yahoo Messenger Plug-in SDK?a toolkit of JavaScript and C++ APIs. With the Plug-in SDK APIs, you can create exciting and helpful collaborative plug-ins and make them available to anyone through the Messenger Network, offering you a chance to show your next great idea to over 60 million users. 
Transportation time estimation service Transportation mapping,route,traffic,transportation,travel, The service provides estimate of travel time from a given location to a list of destinations and a specified travel mode such as walking, driving, train, bus, etc. It also provides a map of the fastest route between specified origin and destination locations, with adjustment for travel mode.   API methods support specification of an origin point by latitude and longitude, a travel mode, a time limit, and the type of destination. Returned data provide destinations of the requested type within the specified travel time range. Methods also allow specification of a point of origin, destination, and travel mode to receive the fastest available route. The API also supports geocoding for specified U.K. postal codes.
Job recruiting info service Job Search jobs,recruiting, Bullhorn is a technology company that provides end to end solutions for staffing and recruiting agencies.The Bullhorn API provides programmatic access to data in the Bullhorn system. With it developers can integrate the system with related applications. The API offers a number of functionalities including: resume parsing, candidate lookup, add jobs, retrieve files and more. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Visual QuickStart Guide Reference books,guide,programming,reference, With more than 12 million copies in print, Visual QuickStart Guides have been a vital part of the computer book category for years and are an established and trusted resource for creative people. Ita??s easy to get up and running in no time with these best-selling quick-reference guides, and master a new application or technology. Visual QuickStart Guides contain concise, step-by-step explanations of core tools and tasks with plenty of helpful screen shots to keep students and professionals on track as they work.
Social advertising platform Advertising advertising,facebook,social, Glow is a social advertising platform. Users can build, manage, and adjust their Facebook advertising campaigns. Glow provides analytics and insight for tracking campaign progress.   The Glow API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Glow with applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email usasalesteam@thisisglow.com for more information. 
Vietnamese payment and fraud detection service Payment crime,ecommerce,payment,shopping, The service, headquartered in Vietnam, provides a check for fraud in a pending e-commerce transaction and returns results including a recommendation to proceed with the transaction or close it out uncompleted. It analyzes information about the purchaser, including billing and shipping addresses, in comparison to IP address, bank identification number, and other variables. A component for IP-to-location helps to verify consistency of information provided by the purchaser.  API methods support fraud analysis for a transaction based on submitted customer email, phone, and shipping and billing addresses, as well as IP address and bank identification number of the payment card. Methods can return results of the fraud check with a recommendation to complete or block the transaction. Options include verifying the phone number and bank identification number and matching IP address to the purchaser&#039;s location.
Business information service Financial finance,money,stocks, Provides information on current and prior executives (directors and officers) of publicly traded companies, including compensation history, insider holdings, insider transactions and biography.
to.uri.st is a geocoded database of tourist attractions the World over. We have a RESTful API to allow reading and updating of our copyleft data. null mapping,search,travel, to.uri.st is a geocoded database of tourist attractions the World over. We have a RESTful API to allow reading and updating of our copyleft data.
Access user-generated NYTimes.com content News news,social, The New York Times Community API lets you retrieve user-generated NYTimes.com content. The current release includes article comments and readers&#039; reviews of movies. (Other types of user-generated content will be available in a later version.). 
Job Listing Service Advertising advertising,employment,jobs,search,tools, SimplyHired is an online recruiting solution that serves over 30 million people and thousands of employers across 24 countries. The site offers an extensive job search tool searchable by both job title, and locations, as well as allowing additional filters to refine searches. The SImplyHired Job API allows developers and web publishers to create custom job search tools, widgets, and mashups, using the database of over 5 million jobs. Select partners who utilize the API can join the affiliate program and monetize third-party sites. 
Calendar creation tool Calendar calendar,deadpool,events, The RESTful Calendar API gives users the possibility to create calendars and fill them with events and todo-points with alarms and attendees to schedule events that can be used in other functionalities. Responses can be in XML and JSON format.
Digital repository of scholarly articles Education articles,database,education,metadata,research, Rutgers Community Repository (RUcore) is the Universitya??s digital repository of educational materials and digital research created and used by the Rutgers community and its collaborators. The RUcore API provides a RESTful interface for interacting with the repository framework. The API adheres to the OAI-PMH standard for metadata harvesting. The API returns XML or JSON formatted responses.
Yahoo account status Blogging blogging,deadpool,microblogging,social, The Yahoo! Status API allows for users to set and share their status on Yahoo! and on applications. The user&#039;s status is a string with a maximum length of 140 characters; anything longer will be silently truncated. The Status API filters unsafe user input to avoid security issues such as invalid characters in a URL, SQL injections, or cross-site scripting. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Website publishing tool Internet blog,internet,webdesign, Squarespace offers a fully hosted software platform for creating and maintaining a website, blog, or portfolio. It uses a WYSIWYG editor and templates that let users create and edit the look and functionality of their web sites. The Squarespace XML-RPC API lets users post to Squarespace using a third party application.
Bulk SMS service Messaging messaging,sms, Value2SMS provides users with bulk SMS services that can be branded for the user&#039;s organization. The service can schedule messages for future delivery, save drafts for later use, and keep a history of all messages and transactions. It also comes with an online address book that allows contacts to be collected into groups for batch mailings.  Users can access the Value2SMS messaging gateway via REST API, allowing them to deliver messages or check their account balance from other applications.
Code writing and testing platform  Utility code,development,parallelization,testing,tools,utility, Koality is a platform for coding, code testing, and code parallelization for development teams. Users and teams can use Koality to write code, test code, and implement code.   The Koality API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Koality with other applications. Some example API methods include managing users, retrieving and managing code repositories, and making changes in code. 
Aggregated social search service Search search,social, Social Mention is a social media search and analysis platform that aggregates user generated content from across the web. The Social Mention API enables developers to interact with the Social Mention web site programmatically. It&#039;s designed to make it possible for users to access and integrate social media data into other applications. The API provides a single stream of real-time search data aggregated from numerous social media properties. This is a RESTful API and responses are returned in both JSON and PHP format.
Email user management service Email email,management, SendGrid&#039;s cloud-based email helps keep emails out of spam folders, provides a cloud service that scales with email demands, and provides email analytics to track opens and clicks.  The Customer Subuser API allows developers to integrate user management functionality into their applications. The API exposes email list managment methods including bounce records, unsubscribe notices and spam reports. Limits can also be set on the amount of emails that users can send, event notifications can be managed and users can be logged in and authenticated. The API RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Fraud detection service Security Fraud,security, The Open Fraud Detection Project (OFDEP) is a fraud-detection API that is designed to detect suspicious users early on, preventing activities like fraudulent purchases, invalid account creations, and comment spam. Security devices can query OFDEP to determine the odds that a given user or transaction is bad. The API is currently in beta and supports IP, email address, and username look-ups. It returns results in XML, but JSON will also be supported in the near future.
Text and sentiment analysis service Tools analysis,analytics,api,excel,sentiment,text, Semantria is a text analytics and sentiment analysis API. It allows you to gain valuable insights from your unstructured text content. It is based on Lexalyticsa?? Salience a?? the market leading text analytics and sentiment analysis engine. It is the same engine as the one being used by Oracle, Cisco, Thomson Reuters, Saleforce.com - Radian6, Visible, Lithium, and 50+ other leaders in the space.  Semantria uses Multilingual SDKs, which are the most convenient way to get started with the Semantria API. SDKs implement all the available Semantria features and demonstrate best practices of API usage.  The SDKs include source code on 8 different languages: a?	C++ native language a?	.Net platform (C# language) a?	Java platform (SE & EE) a?	PHP language (Any framework) a?	Python (2.x & 3.x interpreter versions supported) a?	Ruby language a?	JavaScript (browser based) a?	Apex (Salesforce programming platform)  A free trial is available at http://www.semantria.com/trial   Functionality includes  a?	Entity extraction (both model and dictionary based) a?	Theme/keyword extraction a?	Categorization/Classification (Query and Wikipedia ontology-based) a?	Summarization a?	Sentiment Analysis (document, entity, theme/keyword, and category level) a?	Semantic Rollups (birds-eye view on your dataset, combining SPSS-like statistical analysis and full scale NLP approach) a?	Full native support of 5 languages (entity extraction, categorization, sentiment analysis, etc): English, French, Portuguese, Spanish, and German.  Semantria also has a free Excel Add-In that leta??s you process content from inside your Excel without any coding, integration work, etc. It is a fully functional API client with an easy to use API configuration GUI. http://www.semantria.com/excel   An Excel Add-In demo overview, categorization tutorial, custom entities set-up, and sentiment adjustment video are all  available here: http://www.semantria.com/video 
Website builder Internet hosting,internet,sbweb,webdesign, SiteKreator is a web application for designing, maintaining and hosting customer-ready web sites. It offers fully customizable design templates, image galleries, E-Commerce feature, email marketing tools, SEO, online forms, and community building tools.   SiteKreator API enables resellers and licensees to manage accounts using simple RESTful interface (HTTP GET/POST  requests). You can open, close, update, suspend an account, log-in and others.
CRM realtime streaming data Enterprise CRM,enterprise,office,realtime, Salesforce.com API provides programmatic access to an organization?s information and allows developers to implement custom functionality. The worldwide leader in on-demand customer relationship management (CRM) services. More companies trust their vital customer and sales data to salesforce.com than any other on-demand CRM company in the world. The Apex platform and API extends Salesforce and the AppExchange is a directory of on-demand applications.  The Streaming API allows developers to receive events for changes to Salesforce data that matches a SOQL query criteria, in a secure and real-time way.
Leased property management services Real Estate realestate, LetMC.com provides cloud-based residential lettings (referred to in the U.S. as &quot;rentals&quot;) and property management software for estate and letting agents. Its functions include property marketing, portal uploads, client accounting, tenant referencing, property management, and interactive services for websites. LetMC&#039;s services can be integrated with a user&#039;s applications or websites via its SOAP-based APIs.
Cracked applications and digital books for mobile devices File Sharing application,books,file-sharing,mobile,sharing, AppAddict is an online collection of cracked applications and digital books for mobile devices. The AppAddict API allows users to automate mass uploads via HTTP GET/POST calls. Users must have an AppAddict account with mass uploading permission. Responses are JSON formatted.
Residential yacht&#039;s photo album retrieval service Photos photo,social, The World is the largest privately owned residential yacht on earth. It has 165 onboard residences and has been continuously circumnavigating the world since 2002. The World&#039;s website hosts a photo album, which is programmatically accessible via SOAP API. The Photo Album API enables users to load all or some of the images from the photo album onto their own websites.
Music catalog and download service Music deadpool,music, Hip Digital Media&#039;s Digital Music Engine (DME) is a music API that gives developers access to a vast catalog of music. The playlist service provides access to Hip Digital???s playlist management and distribution technology. The catalog service lets you search on a variety of metadata including UPC, artist, album, track, genres, label ids and other data. The API features a RESTful interface.
Vacation postcard creation service Photos mail,photo,vacation, ScribblePics is a service that lets users create postcards from their photos. The postcards are printed using professional digital printers in Australia, the UK, and and the US. ScribblePics is commonly used by travel services to allow their customers to send custom postcards featuring their vacation photos. Developers can integrate the ability to create postcards into their applications using the ScribblePics API.
Semantic analysis for user tags Social deadpool,semantic,social, The Bueda API increases the value of social media and user generated content. Bueda combines user-generated tags, existing ontologies, and semantic analysis in order to provide publishers with actionable information that can be used for content categorization, targeted advertising, content recommendation and search engine optimization. Via Bueda&#039;s API, a UGC website can have access to this technology for tag disambiguation and cleanup. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON. It is currently in private beta.
3D mapping service Mapping 3d,deadpool,flash,mapping, Poly9 FreeEarth is a Flash-based 3D globe for mapping. It incorporates geo data from the Pushpin API.
Contact list management Other contacts, From their site: The Google Contacts Data API allows client applications to view and update Contacts content in the form of Google Data API feeds. Your client application can request a list of a user&#039;s contacts, edit or delete content in an existing contact, and query the content in an existing contact.
Energy futures quotes service Financial energy,finance,stocks, This web service provides delayed and historical energy futures quotes and prices from major commodity exchanges.
Ministry Planning Tools Tools calendar,music,religion,tools, Planning Center is an online service that allows users to have one central place to organize all aspects of their ministry service (such as scheduling, creating service plans, and posting music) and keep staff and volunteers connected. The Planning Center API is a RESTful API allowing developers to create their own Planning Central apps and tools. 
French automobile site which integrates Google Maps. null auto,france,mapping, French automobile site which integrates Google Maps.
First Nations items research environment Education catalog,education,items,museums,native,research, The Reciprocal Research Network (RRN) is an online research environment that provides access to First Nations items from the Northwest Coast and British Columbia. Records of items in museums around the world are available. Create online collections, collaborative projects, and related discussions.  The API is RESTful and returns responses in JSON and XML.  
Color and color scheme service Other color,webdesign, Colr.org is an online service that allows users to search for images, colors, and color schemes. Users can edit colors and color schemes, tag them, and download them. Users can also search for similar colors and color schemes based off of other colors and color schemes.  The Colr.org API allows users to retrieve colors and color schemes, see information about colors and color schemes, retrieve random color schemes, and add tags to colors and color schemes.
Matching GPS data to OSM road network Mapping gps,GPX,openstreetmap,OSM,traffic, TrackMatching is a cloud based web service for matching GPS/GPX data on the OpenStreetMap (OSM) road network. The service is accessible through a REST API. Supported data formats for upload include GPX 1.0, GPX 1.1, and a custom CSV/text format for bulk processing. Responses may be JSON or XML formatted. Only positions and timestamps are required. 
Task and errand contract labor service Social collaboration,community,social, The service links those who need to hire labor for small tasks and errands with background-checked providers willing to provide those services. People in need of assistance register task requests with the service, and its affiliated providers bid to fulfill the requests. The service facilitates the transaction.  API methods support posting a task to be done, including short description, metro area, and maximum payment offered. Methods also allow additional specifications for location, relevant photos, and audio notations, as well as updating or deleting a posted task and user account management 
Video Distribution Service Video archive,distribution,management,sharing,social,video, Clearleap is a video library distribution service that allows users to manage, distribute, control, and interact with video libraries across tvs and multimedia displays. The Clearleap API allows users to access and control resources within the Clearleap platform, as well as automate tasks. An account is required with service. 
Beta program invitation and management service Other other,utility, Prefinery is a beta program invitation and management service for web apps and desktop software. The Prefinery API is implemented as XML over HTTP using all four verbs (GET/POST/PUT/DELETE). Every resource, like Beta or Tester has their own URL and are manipulated in isolation. The API follows the REST principles as much as possible.
Geographic boundary service Mapping mapping,news, Los Angeles Times API provides boundaries of cities within Los Angeles metropolitan area. The data is available in a number of formats. The boundaries can be displayed on a map or used to check for whether specific points are within the bounds.
Single sign-on solution Security cloud,enterprise,sbweb,security, The OneLogin API allows developers to interact with the OneLogin service. OneLogin provides an easy-to-use single sign-on solution for businesses that embrace cloud computing. OneLogin eliminates the need for employees to remember strong passwords and saves them time because they can log into applications with a single click. OneLogin&#039;s API supports five basic operations for each entity: read, list, create, update and delete. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Social game development platform Games backend,development,games,social, Gamedonia is a social game development platform that aims to help developers to make better games by offering a scalable, and high availability backend solution with reliable servers and support from specialized gaming staff. The tools Gamedonia offers for creating better games include hosted websites, data storage, game analytics, social network integration, push notifications, and more.  Gamedonia offers an API for programmatic access to Gamedonia functionality. The API is RESTful and uses a JSON storage model. An API key is required.
Virtual world currency exchange services Financial 3d,currency,games,social, Use the VirWoX API to exchange virtual currencies (such as Linden Dollars of Second Life) for real money, or to read live market data. Access this Virtual World Exchange and use the VirWoX server for your own app, or build new apps that require automatic access to a virtual currency exchange.
Distributed user reviews service Recommendations deadpool,LocalSearch,product,recommendations,reviews,social, Notches is a free, open, distributed platform for reviews.   The platform handles normalization, entity aliasing, summarization, personalization, spam prevention, gaming detection, and recommendations. Notches helps end the fragmentation of review systems and can handle pretty much any type of review: music, products, services, restaurants, people, and more. 
Marijuana dispensaries online communtiy Other colorado,deadpool,marijuana,medicine, Colorado Marijuana Dispensaries is an online platform where users can share stories and rank them, as well as find other stories and topics that are interesting to them. Colorado Marijuana Dispensaries is powered by coRank, a ranking site platform.  The Colorado Marijuana Dispensaries API allows developers to access and integrate data from the Colorado Marijuana Dispensaries coRank site. Some example API methods include searching for and retrieving stories and items, user profile information, and site categories. 
Risk modeling service Enterprise calculator,modeling,Risk, Freerisk is a project with the goal of making freely available the data, algorithms and tools necessary to perform risk modeling. This RESTful API allows users to create risk metrics. It acts as a credit risk calculator composed of a set of web calls and responses are formatted in JSON.  According to the developers, as it currently exists, the API is a prototype that&#039;s largely undocumented.
Shopping cart web service Shopping deadpool,facebook,mobile,payment,shopping, Payvment is a shopping cart API Web Service that lets you add shopping cart capabilities to any application. The cart API can be used with your own products or with a retailer&#039;s affiliate products. The Payvment Shopping Cart API can also be accessed via Yahoo Developer Network&#039;s YQL. 
Search and coordination services for meeting up Social deadpool,events,social, The Smynx API lets you find new ideas for having fun, and arrange to try them with friends and people near you. Search and return details for an idea or location. Search upcoming public try-outs within a geographic area. Get details for a user. Get a friend list for a user. Get a list of ideas that someone has added. Search for users by name and email.
Poker hand ranking and odds calculation service Games games,odds,poker, Squirrel Tools is an API that lets users calculate poker odds and hand rankings. It works for regular poker with hands of 5, 6, or 7 cards as well as for Texas hold&#039;em with 3, 4, or 5 cards on the table. It will also determine the winner for a group of known hands and return the Sklansky group for a pair of cards in Texas hold&#039;em.
Walgreens QuickPrints API & SDK Photos android,api,iOS,photo,printing,SDK, QuickPrints allows mobile application developers to include the ability for their app users to print photos to any of the 8,000+ Walgreens locations.  With every photo order that is successfully placed and picked up at a local store, the developer can earn a revenue share commission.  QuickPrints is available in both SDK (iOS, Android) & API (REST) formats.
Movie trailers, music videos, and game trailers service Video games,movies,music,video, Use the IVA (Internet Video Archive) API to integrate our database offerings of 20,000 movie trailers, 14,000 music videos, and 2,000 game trailers into your app.
Online shopping content Shopping comparison,Fashion,reviews,shopping, The Shopzilla, Inc. Catalog API provides access to the Shopzilla, Inc. inventory of catalogued products, merchant offers, and merchant ratings & reviews content through a query-based RESTful web service, responses formatted in XML or JSON|P.  Managed through the Shopzilla Publisher Program, a CPC affiliate marketing program, publishers are able to monetize using this API. Users of this API are able to choose between two versions, each providing logic native to its corresponding Shopzilla, Inc. property: Bizrate.com or Beso.com.  Bizrate API: Provides access to the entire Shopzilla, Inc. offer universe, exposing content from 8,000+ merchants. You would use this version to create a full comparison shopping site.  Beso API: Provides the opportunity to create a style-based experience with a curated set of offers focused in soft goods categories. You would use this version to create a fashion-oriented shopping site.  Both APIs provide access to the merchant ratings and reviews collected through the Bizrate Insights platform.  International? APIs also available for the United Kingdom, Germany, and France.
Affiliate marketing network Advertising affiliate,marketing, The Google Affiliate Network is an affiliate marketing network. Advertisers use the network to increase online conversions and monetize their site traffic through the use of affiliate ads. With the API publishers have the ability to look up advertisers as well as access order and lead transactions. Advertisers have the ability to publisher data. Developers can access the data from the network and integrate it into their own systems. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Calculation of distances between addresss Other geocoding,mapping,travel, The StrikeIron Address Distance Calculator Web Service instantly calculates the distance between two addresses in both the U.S. and Canada. The distance is calculated as the straight line distance between two points. Simply provide information for two different addresses and it will calculate the distance between the two points. Note, this is a straight-line distance between the centroid of the ZIP+4 or Postal Code of the address, not driving distance. Data provided by DataFlux, a SAS company.
Address information lookup service Mapping address,geocoding,mapping, The service returns data to support mappling applications in XML, depending on the subscriber&#039;s choice at the time of registration. Authorized users can obtain a range of information by submitting street address and Zip-5 information: Geocode, standardized US Postal Service address, mail delivery data, Political jurisdictions and elected officials, and U.S. Census statistics. Additional modules also provide California sales and use tax rate. 
Zip code information service Tools geocoding,location,lookup,tools,ZipCode, Zipfeeder is a simple API used for accessing basic United States zip code information. This data can then be integrated into third party web sites and applications. Information includes city, state area code and latitude and longitude. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Travel deals and historical price data from Hotwire.com Travel travel, Hotwire is a discount travel site. Hotwire helps major travel providers fill airline seats, hotel rooms, and rental cars that would otherwise go unsold.  Hotwire&#039;s APIs provide access to specified Hotwire.com data and services, and can be used as building blocks to develop a variety of applications of interest to travel shoppers and travel planners. You may choose to leverage Hotwire&#039;s Open APIs in any type of application you wish,  within the conditions described in Hotwire&#039;s API Terms of Use.  Possibilities include applications that run on web sites, mobile devices, or even desktops.  The Hotel Deals API delivers data describing hotel &quot;Deals&quot; discovered on Hotwire.com in the past 24 hours.   A &quot;deal&quot; is a Hotwire search result whose value is attractive relative to other results.  The concept of value includes not only absolute price, but also star rating and the relative popularity of the location and of the travel dates.  Tripstarter is a Hotwire feature designed to help travelers find the best time of year to travel to a particular destination.   The feature offers a view of price trends for for airfares between your home city and your destination of interest, as well as historical weather data and price trends for hotels at the destination.  Each record in the data returned indicates an average price (historical hotel rates or air fares) over a historical seven day period.  Trends are revealed by examining price data over a period of time, or by examining year-over-year price changes.
Movie review and recommendation service Recommendations movies,recomendations,reviews, Filmaster is a social network for movie fans, with personalized content and recomendations. Filmaster allows users to run their own film blog using a domain like you.filmaster.com, rate movies and talk about movies with others in the community. Personalized recommendations are a bonus. The API provides functionality such as retrieving reviews, blog posts and followers. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
Location-based amenity maps Mapping amenities,location,mapping, AmeniMaps is a collection of offline Android Maps showing amenity locations in cities and other interesting places worldwide.  The AmeniMaps API can return the location of the amenities near any specified coordinates. Amenity types include toilets, ATMs, banks, post offices, bakeries, bars, bicycle rentals, cafes, public drinking water, pharmacies, playgrounds, subway entrances, and much more.
Video encoding service Media Management Encoding,media,video, EncodeIt allows users to encode videos for any device at any screen size, format, or codec. Its transcoding software supports iPhone, iPad, Android, HTML5, WebM, MP4, H.264, Flash Video, Apple ProRes, and DivX formats. EncodeIt claims to provide the fastest recording speeds online. Users can integrate EncodeIt into any application via API.
Bibliographic information searching and retrieval service Tools library,reference,search,tools, lobid (Linking Open Bibliographic Data) is a service for retrieving and searching bibliographic data, including titles, authors, etc. lobid is provided by the North Rhine-Westphalian Library Service Center and can be accessed programmatically via REST API. It should be noted, however, that the API is still in Beta, and the documentation may be outdated or incomplete at this time.
Back-end API provider for application development Backend backend,deadpool,hosting,internet,mobile, The objective of spire.io is to allow developers to build Web and mobile applications without having to also build the server-side infrastructure that is typically needed to support them. The server-side support provided by spire.io is centered upon providing infrastructure for developers through RESTful API&#039;s and scenario-specific client libraries.  The fundamental building blocks of spire.io&#039;s back-end support services are their channel and subscription resources, which essentially provide the backbone for communication and event listeners within the spire.io infrastructure.   Spire.io currently has two available services; Messaging, which provides the foundation of real-time capabilities to applications; and Identity, which allows developers to easily integrate user registration and log-in into their apps. 
Node.js cloud hosting platform Internet cloud,hosting,internet,platform, Nodejitsu is a cloud hosting platform-as-a-service for node.js developers. The platform lets developers host and scale their applications, offers a marketplace for node.js applications and lets developers get training. The API lets developers interact with the Nodejitsu platform programatically. It exposes data on applications, users, databases and more. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Online collaborative encyclopedia Reference reference,wiki, The unofficial Wikipedia API. Because Wikipedia is built using MediaWiki, which in turn supports an API, Wikipedia does as well. This provides developers code-level access to the entire Wikipedia reference. The goal of this API is to provide direct, high-level access to the data contained in the MediaWiki databases. Client programs can use the API to login, get data, and post changes. The API supports thin web-based JavaScript clients, such as Navigation popups or LiveRC, end-user applications (such as vandal fighter), and can be accessed by another web site (tool server&#039;s utilities).  The API uses RESTful calls and supports a wide variety of formats including XML, JSON, PHP, YAML and others.
Weather data service Weather weather, The Yahoo Weather RSS feed enables you to get up-to-date weather information for your location. This data can be used as an RSS feed in a feed reader or can be integrated into third party applications. The Weather RSS feed is a dynamically-generated feed based on zip code or Location ID. 
Image recognition service Photos photo,recognition,video, Cortexica is an image recognition service. Some of their products include WineFindr, which allows users to compare prices of wine based on images and a video recognition application that allows users to take screengrabs of video.  The Cortexica API allows developers to access the functionality and content of Cortexica. Some example API methods include uploading images, matching images, and retrieving image information. Public documentation is not available; developers must register for access.
Social Screenshot Sharing Social deadpool,sharing,social,tools, TinyGrab allows users to take screenshots and share them as a tiny URL over social networks including Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, and Flickr. The TinyGrab API provides third party developers the power to integrate their applications and plugins with TinyGrab. Public documentation is not available.
Polish vacation package search engine Travel booking,hotel,search,travel,vacation, Qtravel.pl is a full-text search engine of vacation packages provided by Polish tour operators. The Qtravel API provides developer access to the sitea??s search tools and booking functionality. API features include the ability to filter and sort offers by various attributes, and full-text search of offer descriptions. The API supports HTTP GET calls and returns XML formatted responses.
Authoritative Buddhist people, place, and event name service Reference buddhism,reference,religion, The service provides listings of authoritative forms for names of prominent people, places, and events along with dates from Buddhist history and doctrine. The underlying database of authority records can be accessed via javascript as a pop-up application providing authoritative data linked to a person, place, or event name in text. Authority data may also be retrieved via a REST web service API.  API methods support submitting an entity identifier to retrieve the correct name, properly formatted, for that person, place, or event. Methods also provide authoritative dates for event entities.
Find governing bodies and officials by location Government government,mapping,politics,reference, DemocracyMap provides a simple interface that helps citizens and journalists discover the civic entities and governing bodies for a given location. The DemocracyMap API provides contact details and other primary information on all governing bodies and officials representing a given location in the form of structured data. A demo of the API is publicly available; its coverage is currently limited to the U.S.
Social news service News news,social, The Reddit API allows you to access the user submitted and rated stories on reddit.com. It also provides advanced functionality, including user account information and sub-reddit moderation.
Travel tours and activities booking service Travel activities,booking,Tourism,travel, GetYourGuide is a website service for travel tours and activities. Users can book their travel tours and activities for upcoming trips. GetYourGuide offers tours and activities by geography and location, categories, and activity type.   The GetYourGuide API allows developers to access and integrate the content and functionality from GetYourGuide with other sites and applications. The API returns lists of activities from GetYourGuide based on location. Public documentation is not available.
Mobile geolocation service Telephony geolocation,places,telephony,uk, BlueVia is a developer initiative from communications company Telef???nica. The Location API enables an application to get the user&#039;s handset location. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Enterprise Q&A platform Answers answers,enterprise,questions, AnswerHub is an enterprise-level Q&A service that helps teams collaborate by eliminating the need to answer redundant questions. It is designed to be mobile-friendly and highly customizable so that it can mesh seamlessly with the rest of a company&#039;s website or application. AnswerHub comes with administrative tools for controlling user access, managing content, and performing analytics. AnswerHub&#039;s functions can be integrated with other software and systems by using its RESTful API.
Chat client service Chat bot,chat,messaging, OMS (Online Messenger Service) is a webservice available for everyone who wants to create their own messenger client. The OMS webservice lets users add a messenger (like ICQ, MSN Messenger, AOL Instant Messenger) to their own applications. The webservice offers functionality such as user management (Create, Change, Delete), offline users management (Add, Delete), login, logout and more. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
A mobile phone app for finding real-time bus arrivals for Madison Metro (Madison, WI). Just text your specific request to receive real-time arrival estimates.  null messaging,mobile,realtime,sms,transit,transportation, A mobile phone app for finding real-time bus arrivals for Madison Metro (Madison, WI). Just text your specific request to receive real-time arrival estimates. 
Video encoding service Video Encoding,tools,video, Encoding.com lets you encode and transcode video on demand using an XML based web service. The API lets you specify output format, audio and video codecs, bit and sample rate and much more.
Sustainability tracking for colleges and universities Education colleges,education,environmental,sustainability,tracking, STARS is a program of AASHE, the Association for the Advancement of Sustainability in Higher Education. STARS, the Sustainability Tracking, Assessment, and Rating System, is a self-reporting framework for colleges and universities in the United States or Canada to measure and track their sustainability performance.  The STARS API exposes three resources: Institutional metadata, reports, and the STARS technical manual. This is a REST API that currently only accepts GET requests.
Security service to verify URLs Security security,spam, From their site: The Safe Browsing API is an experimental API that enables client applications to check URLs against Google&#039;s constantly updated blacklists of suspected phishing and malware pages. Your client application can use the API to download an encrypted table for local, client-side lookups of URLs that you would like to check.
Salesforce social platform Enterprise CRM,enterprise,office,social, The RESTful Chatter API provides access to Chatter feeds and social data such as users, groups, followers, and files. The Chatter API is similar to APIs offered by other companies with feeds, such as Facebook and Twitter. The API allows developers to integrate Chatter into a variety of applications such as mobile applications, intranet sites, and third-party Web applications. 
Restaurant E-Commerce System Food affiliate,food,reallife,shopping, Ordr.in is an open platform for online food ordering. Our RESTful APIs give you access to rich, structured data around restaurants, menus, delivery areas and fees as well as providing easy user profile management and of course the ability to place orders for food that we&#039;ll ensure gets delivered.
Concert listing service Music deadpool,events,music, The 5gig.com API lists concerts and gigs from the live music agenda of 5gig network of sites. You can filter the information by artist, venue, city, genre, among other options.
Photo book creation service Photos books,photo, Printzel is an iPad application for creating photo books that are professionally printed and bound in either hardcover or softcover form. An online reviewer allows users to view and share their books with friends and family and gives them the chance to order their own copy.  The Printzel API enables developers to offer printed books from within their applications, allowing end users to make books using the applications&#039; content. Printzel handles the printing, shipping, billing, and customer support associated with the photo books.
Network lookup service Telephony deadpool,mobile,telephony, The Ericsson Mobile Network Lookup API comes from from Ericsson Labs. The Mobile Network Lookup enabler provides the developer with the opportunity to lookup the mobile network information such as operator or country about the customer. The API consists of a RESTful web interface for looking up the network information. Responses are formatted in JSON.  Ericsson Labs is a concept for open innovation. The site holds APIs, resources, offerings, and various expert commentaries, produced by Ericsson. This assortment provides technologies and communities for developers and makes it easy to get in touch with a variety of experts from different fields. 
File Sharing Service File Sharing file-sharing,media,social,storage,tools, 4shared is an online storage and file sharing service that was founded in 2005. Users can upload, store and share all types of files, including music, video, photos and documents.  The 4shared API provides developers access to more than 100 API functions, including access web account, upload/download files, search files and create and delete folders.
Geocoding services for US Mapping address,geocoding,location,mapping, Geocoder.us is a public service providing free geocoding of addresses and intersections in the United States. Using the service you can find the latitude & longitude of any US address and much more. Geocoder.us offers four different ways to access our web services: an XML-RPC interface, a SOAP interface, a REST interface that returns an RDF/XML document, and a REST interface that returns a plain text comma separated values result. The methods and return values are equivalent across all three interfaces.
Korean auction service Auctions auction,korea, eBay Korea is a South Korean auction website. It provides the Auction Suggest API to enable users to retrieve suggested keywords to use in the site&#039;s product search. Keywords can be retrieved for books, brands, tickets, categories, or even just in general. This service uses SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Scuba dive tracking services Sports scuba,sports, Use the Dilogs API to get your dives, post your dives, get events, get user profiles, and generally do things programmatically that you can do on the main site. Some methods do not require authentication, such as getSitesNear. Dilogs is for keeping track of all your dives easily, as well as for socializing with others who enjoy the water. You can access your profile from anywhere using a PC or mobile device with an Internet connection. In addition to the API, a KML option is also available to access users&#039; public information and dive sites. Also, this file can be visualized with Google Earth.
Indian bus ticketing service Transportation bus,india,tickets,transportation, The service provides ticketing free of booking fees for bus travel within India. It generates ticket documents for users to print or distributes valid &quot;mTickets&quot; via SMS text message, avoiding crowds, long waits, and sell-outs at physical ticketing locations.  API methods support submission of ticketing requests, including review and selection of routes, boarding and drop-off points, and seating layouts. Methods allow creation and cancellation of tentative bookings as well as completion of the ticketing process.
Instant messenger buddy Chat chat,webhooks,widgets, From their site: IMified is an instant messenger buddy that works across all major IM networks and offers access to a growing number of web applications, as well as productivity tools like notes, reminders, and todo&#039;s. Imified helps you get things done faster. IMified widgets ARE NOT a plugin you download for your IM client, they ARE widgets for your IMified buddy and will appear in your main menu accessible to you at any time.
Golf tournament photo album retrieval service Photos golf,hawaii,photo, The Pacific Links Hawaii Championship is an official PGA Champions Tour golf tournament. It is named for Pacific Links Hawaii, a golf course investment company. The Championship website hosts a photo album, which is programmatically accessible via SOAP API. The Photo Album API enables users to load all or some of the images from the photo album onto their own websites.
Mobile backend platform Backend backend,mobile, Firebase is a real-time backend for web application development. Developers can use the service to build their apps without having to manage servers or write server-side code. The API allows users to access the functionality of Firebase programmatically. The API supports standard CRUD operations on the data within the databases as well as querying of the data. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Grocery search engine Food advertising,coupons,food,search,shopping, Grocery Server is a search engine for groceries and food. Users can search GroceryServer for grocery items by location, and results include local ads, circulars, and coupons for groceries by location and stores.  Grocery Server has built an API that let developers access and integrate in other sites. Some example API methods include showing recipe ingredients that are on sale, build shopping lists, finding coupons, searching local deals. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact info@groceryserver.com for more information and API access.
Architectural planning and modeling service Tools 3d,architecture,design,tools, The Onuma Planning System (OPS) is web-based Building Information Modeling (BIM) tool. It can be used by architects, planners, engineers, builders, interior designers, and owners to design and model 3d structures. OPS provides a REST-based API to access data from their online studios, which can subsequently be used to create reports in an online or offline application. The API can also be used to link to and manipulate the data in 3rd party applications.
Information Charting Service Tools charts,display,graph,image,tools,visualization, Highcharts is a charting library that lets users add interactive charts to a web site or web application. Highcharts currently supports line, spline, area, areaspline, column, bar, pie, scatter, angular gauges, arearange, areasplinerange, columnrange, bubble, box plot, error bars, funnel, waterfall and polar chart types. The API uses JavaScript.  An account with service is required. 
Royalty free stock photos Photos photo,stockphoto, From their site: iStockphoto provides web services via an XML-RPC API. The web service provides access to a wide range of iStockphoto.com functionality and content including: full search capabilities, lightbox management, file downloading, member statistics, contributor portfolio management, and image uploading.
Electronic signature service Enterprise enterprise,esignature,security,signature, Signere.no is a Norwegian company that offers an online portal for electronically signing documents using BankID. BankID is a digital identification service that can both confirm who a person and sign documents.   Signere.no offers an REST API for easy development of services based on the Signere.no platform. Methods include Document, DocumentProvider, ExternalLogin, ExternalSign, Message, Receiver, Statistics, and Status. An API key is required.  
Brewery data and mapping services Food beer,canada,food,mapping,places,usa, The Beer Mapping API lets you get latitude/longitude, phone numbers, ratings, addresses, and more for breweries and other beer-related venues. Access a wide variety of data in the database.
Online image editor Photos photo, From their site: Online image editing. The FotoFlexer API uses standard Javascript to embed configuration parameters and instantiate a loader.
Online recommendation engine Recommendations personalization,recommendations, Sugestio is a scalable and fault tolerant service that now brings the power of web personalization to all developers. The service provides an easy to use service interface and a set of development libraries that enable you to enrich your content portals, e-commerce sites and other content based websites. The service is currently in beta, with several pilot projects.
PayPal Invoicing APIs Financial accounting,billing,enterprise,invoicing,smb, PayPal, the global leader in secure, online payments helps businesses automate their invoices and get paid faster. Using the PayPal Invoicing APIs, businesses can easily automate their invoicing workflow electronically, from creation and delivery to receiving payments, tracking and management of invoices. Use PayPal Invoicing APIs as your all-in-one business invoicing solution to streamline your invoicing and payment needs.
Online advertisting services Advertising advertising,money, From their site: The Microsoft adCenter application programming interface (API) enables you to create applications that: Create and manage adCenter campaigns, orders, keywords, and ads. Obtain the status on orders, keywords and ads. Pause and resume orders. Generate keyword estimates. Generate reports about campaign performance. Perform order targeting. 
Create desktop widgets Widgets widgets, Desktopify API allows you to make desktop widgets for Windows XP, Vista, 7 and Mac OS from any web content.
Group shopping service Shopping coupons,shopping, Groupon features a daily deal on the best stuff to do, see, eat, and buy in a variety of cities across the United States. Groupon gets discounts you won&#039;t find anywhere else through the power of group buying. The goal of Groupon API is to allow applications to directly interact with Groupon via a REST API.
Online spreadsheets Office office,spreadsheet, From their site: The Google Spreadsheets data API allows client applications to view and update Spreadsheets content in the form of a Google data API (&quot;GData&quot;) feeds. Your client application can request a list of a user&#039;s spreadsheets, edit or delete content in an existing Spreadsheets worksheet, and query the content in an existing Spreadsheets worksheet.
Social location based service Social deadpool,local,location,mobile,social, Dokiru is a location-based service that helps users discover new things to do, meet people with similar interests and share photos. Using a RESTful format, the Dokiru API allows users to interact with the service. The API supports OAuth and HTTP Basic Authentication and requires an API key. Responses are formatted in JSON.
Bulk SMS messaging service Messaging hungary,messaging,sms, SeeMe is the leading bulk SMS provider in Hungary. The SeeMe SMS API allows developers to quickly create a connection between their service and the SeeMe gateway. With the API, users can send messages up to 459 characters, receive SMS and automatic responses, monitor their balance, get traffic stats and more. The API uses HTTP calls. The site and documentation are in Hungarian.
Music playlist creation service Music music,social, 8tracks is a simple way for people to create or listen to a mix, a short playlist containing at least 30 minutes - roughly 8 tracks - of music. This API enables you to play back your 8tracks mixes through your website or app.  8tracks playback is provided through the Playback API.  The 8tracks player &quot;discovers&quot; content through the API.  The API is also available for 3rd parties to integrate the 8tracks service.
Tide Information Service Weather forecast,tools,weather, The TideSpy API supplies users with tide heights, timezone info, wind, and moon/sun data to users through an HTTP request. The data is returned in JSON format.  The full documentation is available after registration, and a small monthly fee is charged for you of the API. 
Real estate data service Real Estate database,realestate, The Realtors Property Resource offers a national database of real estate data covering every parcel of property in the country. The API allows provides users an interface to the database. It can be used for pre-populating listing input screens, generating comparable properties, generating more in-depth property detail pages and more. It uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML. Full documentation is not publicly available.
Global interbank interest rates Financial enterprise,finance,money, Get 30+ interbank interest rates, including LIBOR, EURIBOR (Euro), CHIBOR (China), HIBOR (Hong Kong), KORIBOR (Korea), MEXIBOR (Mexico), PRIBOR (Prague), SIBOR (Singapore), TIBOR (Tokyo), WIBOR (Warsaw), and more.
Vegetarian and Vegan Guide Service Food food,recommendations,reviews,social, VegGuide.org provides a user-rated directory of vegan, vegetarian, and vegan-friendly restaurants and stores around the world. The site is searchable by location and by business. The VegGuide API allows users to add new restaurant,stores,comments, images and all parts of the core data structure. The API also allows users to search by region and get reviews of entries. The service uses REST calls and returns JSON.   
Camera and photo application service Photos camera,image,photo,remote,sony,upload, The Sony Camera Remote API allows developers to create applications that are able to control Sony cameras and/or access the images and content on the camera to perform specified actions on them, such as uploading them to an application. The Sony Camera Remote API can be used with numerous operating systems and platforms. 
Document proof of existence service Tools bitcoin,documents,security,tools, Proof of Existence allows users store an online distributed proof of existence for any document anonymously and securely on the Bitcoin blockchain. Documents themselves are not stored. Instead, Proof of Existence stores a cryptographic digest of each file along with the time of upload for verification purposes. This allows users to prove that they have certain information without having to reveal their data or themselves.  Proof of Existence provides decentralized proof that no third party or government can tamper with. Validation is provided through the Bitcoin blockchain, allowing users to access the cryptographic digest for a file even if the Proof of Existence site is damaged or down.
Image to text service Photos advertising,image,photo,text, Cortica is an image-to-text service that scans images for contextual meaning, offering in-image advertising opportunities.   The Cortica API allows developers to access and integrate the Cortica functionality with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact info@cortica.com for API access.
Online store creation service Shopping Cart,ecommerce,merchant,retail,shopping,store, Tictail is a service to create and manage online stores. Tictail offers a variety of eCommerce features, including metrics reporting, checkout services, and social media integration.  The Tictail API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Tictail with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving customer information, managing store information, and managing product information. 
Customizable social network service Social social, KIT Social lets you create a social network to engage with fans, deepen customer relationships or communicate between employees. The service provides access to all the tools you would expect with social software: friending, commenting, ratings, video, forums and activity feeds. KIT Social API provides access to all of the functionality so that your applications can be used from outside the KIT Social website--even includes registering new members.  KIT Social was originally KickApps, but was eventually acquired and rebranded by KIT digital.
Geolocation service Mapping geocoding,location,mapping, Geocoda is a service that allows users to add geolocation and geodata to applications. Geodata can be stored and managed with Geocoda&#039;s database.   The Geocoda API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and geodata of Geocoda with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving and listing location information and finding and returning geocordinates. 
Image based captcha service Security captcha,internet,security,spam, PhotoCaptcha is an image based captcha used to prevent bots from posting to a website. It presents users with images as opposed to letters that can often be difficult to read. Users are asked to click a series of images from those presented instead of having to type letters. PhotoCaptcha is translated to English, Polish and Italian. PhotoCaptcha is implemented via JavaScript. In order to verify if captcha was solved correctly a user&#039;s script needs to contact the API sending PhotoCaptchaResponse and client&#039;s IP address. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in CSV.
Online education and learning service Education education,internet, Haiku is a learning management system that allows teachers to bring their classroom to the web and the web to their classroom. Features include website design and development, listserve hosting, assignment dropboxes, and more.  The Haiku LMS API is an expanding set of interfaces that allows Haiku LMS users and organizations to integrate with and extend Haiku LMS using third party programs. The Haiku LMS REST API allows developers to write programs that can access and modify data within Haiku LMS. The Haiku LMS API allows for a variety of functions, including retrieving user information, class information, and assignment information.
French online classifieds service Shopping classifieds,deadpool,france,shopping, VenteParfaite is a free classifieds site that allows sellers to sell at the best prices. VenteParfaite has established a public API allowing users to search the database and publish ads. The API can be used to create web applications, software or mobile phone. The API uses a RESTful interface and responses can be formatted in either XML, JSON or Plist. The site and documentation are in French.
Affiliate network services Advertising advertising,affiliate,marketing, The Commission Factory provides affiliate network management services. Users can sign up with the site as affiliates and earn money by promoting Commission Factory, or they can sign up as merchants and use Commission Factory to start their own affiliate programs. Commission Factory&#039;s features include a simple and intuitive interface, the ability to integrate with almost any cart, secure encryption, reliable and consistent tracking, knowledgeable support, and a wide array of detailed reports.  The Commission Factory provides an API that exposes functionality for both affiliate and merchant users. This API operates using REST calls issued in either XML or JSON format.
Location sharing service Mapping gps,location,mapping,mobile,places, Geoloqi is a platform for private, real-time mobile location. The service stores locations and allows you to create Geonotes, receive proximal notification and optionally share real-time GPS maps with friends. The API provides access to all aspects of the platform, such as locations, accounts and layers.
UK police force mapping service Government crime,government, The UK Police and Street Level Crime API returns aggregated crime statistics about areas served by all police forces in England and Wales. All provide accurate, up-to-date data by neighborhood and even block by block.  API methods support retrieval of statistics for the local police force such as identifier, web URL, and contact methods. Methods also return crime statistics by location, neighborhood and street, and by category of crime.  
Retail store data Shopping mapping,places,reference,shopping, BBYOpen is Best Buy???s effort to open their sets of data. The data made available includes items being sold, company knowledge and services offered  in an effort to encourage developers to build relevant apps. BBYOpen offers new sources of data, access to BETA APIs, promotion of apps built using BBYOpen APIs, tools to help get started, and incentive models to reward developer work.  The Stores API provides location information and allows product availability queries for all Best Buy stores. With the API users can query information such as store addresses, geo-location, store hours and phone numbers. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON. 
URL shortening service Internet internet,links,url-shortener,utility, Glurl.co is a URL shortening service that allows you to shorten addresses that point to web pages, images, emails and files quickly, securely, and conveniently. Glurl.co is also a place where you can store, organize, track and share your links, images and e-mail addresses.  The glurl.co REST API allows other web-based applications to use glurl.co&#039;s shortening service, storage, analysis and redirection links and images. An API key is required.  
Sharing platform for social groups which integrates mapping, photo sharing, link sharing and other services. null mapping,photo, Sharing platform for social groups which integrates mapping, photo sharing, link sharing and other services.
Online Community Data Tools Social crowdsourcing,social, IdeaScale is a website that hosts communities in order to facilitate the discussion of ideas, companies, organizations, etc. Some companies use IdeaScale as a crowdsourcing platform. The IdeaScale API provides methods for obtaining data from the IdeaScale website for using in mashups and other consumable formats.
Three Dimensional Visualization Service Mapping 3d,mapping,visualization, 3DGeoStats provides a three dimensional visualization of the earth showing user-defined statistical data. The Data shown is connected to geo coordinates and represented as light beams. The 3DGeoStats API can be used to add fully functional data globes to external products, sites, and programs.  The service is comes API comes with the service and costs 24.99 Euros. 
Bible verse look-up service Reference bible,reference,religion, The RestFul Web Services Bible API provides verse details for either the American Standard Version of the Bible or the King James Version of the Bible. This service can be accessed using either SOAP or REST calls in XML format. Both protocols issue calls to WSDL endpoints.
Digital mapping services Mapping geocoding,location,mapping, Maporama Solutions is a leading provider of digital mapping solutions. Their mapping solutions gives users the ability to combine the strengths of geographical information and business intelligence, add value to enterprise data, assist decision-making, optimize resource allocation and match supply with demand in the context of location.  The Maporama Geocentric Web Services suite offers a set of APIs that allows developers to build location-centric applications. Maporama CoderService performs geocoding and reverse geocoding operations. The Map Web Service offers the method to render or prepare maps. The Itinerary Web Service exposes the methods to compute itineraries and distances. The APIs use SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Options price quotes service Financial financial,stocks, The RealTimeOptions web service provides real-time price quotes for U.S. and international exchange traded options including equity, index and currency. Data provided by the service includes full information about securities, quotes and expirations. The API uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML. 
US yellow pages telephone directory Mapping coupons,mapping,places,reviews,static,Telephone, YP, or Yellow Pages, is owned by AT&T&#039;s and provides listings, coupons and reviews about millions of businesses in the United States. The Yellow Pages API gives developers access to many of these features.  * Search business listings--search by keywords and location (a zip code, city, address or latitude/longitude). * Retrieve details of a business--individual business data, including address, telephone numbers, as well as metadata like when the business started and its neighborhood. Also, if a business has an active deal, its coupons will also be listed. * Business reviews--retrieve ratings and textual reviews of a business. * Access coupons directly--find YP customers with deals. * Static Maps--retrieve URLs for a map showing a specific point, or a business listing map showing a specific business. Also includes business details.
Flight Data Collection Service Transportation Data,flight,monitoring,tracking,transportation, The Wi-Flight API allows users to access bulk data from flights, integrate a dispatch and reservation system to Wi-Flight, as well as construct additional front-end functions. The API uses the rest REST protocol and returns data in XML format. Most operations of the service require that clients be logged in, but certain public data is accessible without log in. 
University campus and events information service Education college,education,food,sports,transportation, Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, provides a collection of APIs that may be useful to students and others who live or work on campus. The Rutgers APIs can be used to retrieve information on university events, dining locations, sports game scores, campus buildings, facilities&#039; hours of operation, and class schedules. These APIs retrieve data in a variety of formats and all use their own endpoints. (Information on using the Nextbus API in the Rutgers area is also provided, although it is not one of the University&#039;s own APIs.)
Application building and monetization platform Backend application,baas,backend,mobile,monetization,promotion, NativeX is an application creation, management, and backend-as-a-service provider. Users and developers can build, manage, promote, and monetize their applications with NativeX.  The NativeX API allows developers to access and integrate the monetization feature of NativeX with other applications. Some example API methods include creating sessions, claiming offers, and redeeming currencies. 
Integrate 3D colors to your website or blog Tools color,tools,visualization, Bring 3D color into your web site or blog using the ColoRotate API. Use it to display palettes of color on your site in 3D, or create complex mashups. With the ColoRotate and JavaScript, you can get color values to/from ColoRotate.
Blog promotion tracking service Blogging advertising,blogging, FeedBurner offers developers an established library of APIs for interacting with the service. FeedBurner is a web feed management provider that provides custom RSS feeds and management tools to bloggers, podcasters, and other web-based content publishers. Using the features this library provides, anyone with a FeedBurner account may perform some of the most common actions available on the service programmatically.   Currently the library contains three APIs:   The FeedFlare API allows anyone to develop new FeedFlare units that tag, share, and interact with syndicated content, wherever it goes. Using FlareAPI to create new units can be as simple as displaying a link to related content, or as powerful as incorporating another web service.  The FeedBurner Awareness API allows publishers of FeedBurner feeds to reuse the detailed traffic statistics captured for any of their feeds. Third-party applications and web services that consume feeds can leverage this data to provide feed awareness statistics to potential subscribers. FeedBurner captures traffic data at an overall level for every feed. Feeds that have item-level tracking enabled have access to much more detailed data at the individual item level. This data includes &quot;resyndication&quot; information, which is very useful for determining where and how a feed is being consumed.  The FeedBurner Management API allows publishers of FeedBurner feeds to create and manage feeds within their FeedBurner accounts. Currently, the Feed Management API is offered only to Google partners who were previously under contract with FeedBurner.  FeedBurner web services use the REST protocol to receive requests and return data over HTTP. Data is exchanged as plain text XML which can be repurposed, transformed, and displayed by applications that you build.
Google based virtual machine service Backend backend,computing,virtual, Google Compute Engine is a service that provides virtual machines that run on Google infrastructure. The service allows users to launch large compute clusters on Google&#039;s infrastructure. The Google Compute Engine API provides users with an interface for interacting with their resources. These resources include projects, instances, networks, firewalls and disks. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Highway transportation safety information service Transportation government,safety,traffic,transportation, NHTSA (National Highway Traffic Safety Administration) is an organization under the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT). Its mission is to save lives, prevent injuries, and reduce economic costs due to road traffic crashes. NHTSA carries out this mission through education, research, safety standards, and enforcement activity.  NHTSA offers a collection of APIs that give developers programmatic access to their safety information. This includes the locations of child safety seat inspection stations, Civil Penalty Payments collected by NHTSA, complaints submitted to the NHTSA, recall information, and vehicle crash-worthiness and rollover safety data.
SSD cloud server hosting and management service Utility cloud,hosting,management,Server,SSD,utility, Digital Ocean is a cloud server and cloud hosting service. Digital Ocean offers developers a service to manage and control their virtual servers and SSD cloud servers in the cloud.   The Digital Ocean API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Digital Ocean with other applications. Some example API methods include managing domains, managing files, and managing account and server information. 
Web traffic analytics service Internet analytics,internet, Church Analytics is a real-time web traffic analytics service. Customers can also customize their analytics for certain segments or other criteria. They also provide Twitter analytics.   The Church Analytics API allows developers to get traffic analytics data in a variety of formats. The data can be retrieved numerous ways, such as by segments, by time parameters, and in chronological order.
SEO term extraction service Internet internet,sem,SEO, The WordsFinder Term Extraction API extracts search engine friendly keywords. The Keyword Extraction API is truly international. It applies an intelligent weighting systems to HTML elements and other on-page factors to determine what it thinks is a targeted term.
PDF cropping tool Tools crop,kindle,pdf,tools, This API lets users crop their PDF files for maximum readability on Amazon&#039;s Kindle. Users can upload a file, crop a single page or crop an entire document. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Keyboard application for phones and devices Utility device,mobile,tools,utility, Minuum is a mobile application keyboard that can be used with smartphones and wearable devices. Minuum is a smaller keyboard, with more ways to type on mobiles and wearable devices.  The Minuum API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Minuum with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: http://minuum.com/contact/.
Directory of companies, people, and investors  Reference enterprise,finance,reference, CrunchBase is a product of TechCrunch and is a directory of technology companies, people, and investment profiles especially for companies involved in Web 2.0.  The read-only API allows for retrieving all information that is available from the database, with some search criteria, and it uses JSON for the output formats. It is not necessary to have a developer account or an API key, and there are no current restrictions on the number of requests.
Conservation resource search service Search energy,government,green,search,usa, The service from the U.S. Department of Energy provides search access to a collection of resources about energy use and conservation. It retrieves listings for a managed collection of resources highlighting key concepts related to energy efficiency and conservation. Its processes emphasize cataloging of resource content and linking of the familiar single-box search interface to a background structure of topics important in the discipline.  API methods support mapping of user keyword queries to terms from a controlled vocabulary built around scientific concepts important to green energy research. This so-called &quot;keyword to concept&quot; mapping converts a free-text search to a managed taxonomy, which allows retrieval of results for related terms, broader and narrower terms, and other highly targeted sematic relationships.
Aviation trip planning and mapping service Travel airport,aviation,deadpool,mapping, RunwayFinder is a flight planning resource for U.S. pilots, showing current weather conditions for airports in an area at a glance displayed on seamless sectional and terminal charts. In addition, routes, range circles, and temporary flight restrictions (TFRs) can be plotted. This RESTful API allows users to link either to a specific location on the RunwayFinder site or directly to an airport information page. Users can also embed RunwayFinder charts on their sites.
Non-profit Internet library and historical archive Internet history,internet,reference, From their site: The Internet Archive is a 501(c)(3) non-profit that was founded to build an Internet library, with the purpose of offering permanent access for researchers, historians, and scholars to historical collections that exist in digital format. Founded in 1996. The Internet Archive Contribution Engine supports some advanced functionality to enable high volume contributors to more easily (and less interactively) upload and import content into the Archive.
Customer relationship and service application Enterprise CRM,customer-service,enterprise,feedback,social, Icestack is a customer relationship management system. Icestack allows companies engage with their customers for customer service, as well as enables social media feedback.   The Icestack API allows developers to access and integrate the  functionality of Icestack with other applications. The main API methods include retrieving requests, sending requests, and managing account information. 
Text extraction API Tools extraction,image,pdf,text,tools, Stamplin is an API capable of extracting text from image files. Supported formats include PDF, PNG, TIFF, and JPG. Supported text languages include English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Japanese, and a??simplified Chinesea??.  The API supports two methods. The text method extracts text only from PDFs. The ocr method, which requires authentication, analyses images included in PDFs to extract text. Responses are JSON formatted. 
Place and point of interest data Mapping address,contacts,mapping,poi, HERE is a map provider whose maps can be found in car navigation systems, smartphones, and on the web. HERE offers developer access to a variety of map data and functionality through a series of REST APIs. The HERE Places API allows applications to connect there users with HEREa??s place and point of interest data. The API supports text search and provides information such as address, opening hours, contact number, website, and geographic position.  
Package shipping services Shipping deadpool,shipping, From their site: TrackIT helps you easily integrate the DHL shipment tracking system, while allowing you to control the user interface and experience. You can integrate DHL tracking into your internal customer service application or external order processing system. This allows you to offer online tracking to your customers, reducing calls to your customer service operation. Using XML-formatted data, TrackIT enables you to request and receive the: Detailed status and tracking history of a DHL shipment. Delivery signature(JPEG image) and the date and time of delivery.
Online donation and causes marketplace Social advocacy,nonprofit,social, GlobalGiving is an online marketplace that connects you to the causes and countries you care about. You select the projects you want to support, make a tax-deductible contribution, and get regular progress updates - so you can see your impact.  GlobalGiving API is based on a set of RESTful web-services through HTTPS which provides the simplest and quickest way to access information for GlobalGiving projects and to submit a donation.
U.S. housing market statistics Financial finance,realestate,reference, The XigniteHousing API gives you access to U.S. housing market statistics. You can search by home sales and prices by region, inventory, affordability, housing starts and much more.
Music search services Music deadpool,music,search, The LazyTune API allows you to programmatically retrieve content about artists, albums, and songs. Use the API to query the LazyTune database as part of adding musical content or music search results to your app. LazyTune aims to be different by being a &quot;content-aware&quot; search engine (bringing great relevance to users), and also focuses on audio files search. For example, you can get all songs that have the word &quot;yesterday&quot; in them.
Digital design sharing platform Other 3d,design,digital,product,tools, Thingiverse is an online platform for people to create, share, edit, and produce their digital designs. Users can share their designs, get feedback, and connect to resources to create their designs.  The Thingiverse API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Thingiverse with other applications and to create new applications. The available API method is uploading files.
Mobile phone top up service Telephony telephony, Mobikwik.com provides a free mobile recharge API which can be used to provide topup services for prepaid mobile phones in India. The API allows users to recharge phones at a given number, retrieve the recharge status, check balances and retrieve discount coupons. It uses RESTful calls with responses formatted in XML.
Social events service Social events,social, From their site: The Meetup API allows developers to use the Topics, Groups and Events hosted and created on Meetup.com in their own applications and mashups. Any Meetup.com member can request an API key. The API is currently read only -- actions like RSVP&#039;ing, joining groups or posting messages aren&#039;t supported yet.
Affiliate marketing web site creation Shopping affiliate,datafeed,shopping, SellFire lets users create an affiliate marketing website though an online website builder. Users can integrate their sites with affiliate networks and affiliate datafeeds.  The SellFire Data API gives developers the ability to  create a dynamic, searchable affiliate web site. The API gives users access to the data feed of 1362 merchants from 6 affiliate networks. This gives affiliates the ability to search for and add more than 27 million products on their web site. The API can be used to build product review sites, comparison shopping engines, and daily deal web sites. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are in JSON.
Create Stories from Social Media Posts Social blog,facebook,social,Twitter, Storify is a service that allows users to easily create stories from social media posts, such as Tweets or Facebook posts. These stories can then be embedded into blogs or websites, or be retweeted.   The Storify API allows developers to create their own applications containing Stofify stories. Developers can get any story in JSON format by appending &#039;.json&#039; to the end of any Storify permalink (Read API). Developers can also create applications that let users create new stories (Write API). 
In-depth music metadata Music discovery,metadata,music, a??Music metadata done righta?? is our motto. Thata??s because we provide a music metadata database that is deeper and richer than anything else you are likely to find. Through our semantically linked database we can provide you with not only who played what song, but where they played it, who wrote it and who played the stylophone solo on the session they did in Abbey Road three years later. Data like this gives endless possibilities for discovery, research, analysis and plain old geeky curiosity.   Our database contains rich data like this for 12 million tracks, from 1.1 million albums by 300,000 artists. We provide this data via a cloud based API that comes in a few different flavours depending on how much data you can handle. 
Video repository and user community Video deadpool,media,video, Manipulate this video database. Its features include social aspects and metadata through tags.
Online payments service Payment payment,shopping, Use the Moneybookers Automated Payments Interface API to send money, make pay-on-demand transactions, check transaction statuses, and download account histories. Users of the main site send money via Moneybookers by logging into their account and using the Send Money option. You can automate this same process using the API.
URL shortening service Utility deadpool,internet,url-shortener,utility, Shorten long links into short din.gy URLs. Din.gy also has additional features beyond most URL shorteners, such as password protect shortened URLs and email address shortening (protected by CAPTCHA) so that you can provide your email address in forums and other places where web spiders would otherwise find it.
Access to a range of music related information Music music, The Jamendo API offers users and developers access to Jamendo&#039;s database of albums, artists, tracks, playlists, reviews, and more. The API can be used through a RESTful protocol, and data is returned in formats ranging from XML to JSON to others. Signup is required at devportal.jamendo.com
Historical Weather Tracking Service Weather history,location,weather, Weather-API.net provides weather information with focus on historical weather tracking. Information is currently available from 53 years ago with access to over 1.9 million datapoints. A hourly historical weather forecast is available as well. All of the information comes from government vetted sources of information and has been closely scrutinized for accuracy.  The Server-based API (also Javascript available) allows you to place GET calls for multiple locations based on latitude or longitude, city name, country name, US zip code, dates and various types of weather conditions (precipitation). XML formatting is available, but JSON is the default
Best Email Marketing API Email api,email,integration,marketing,rest,user, Add the power of Contactology email marketing to your app or CRM with API calls to send transactional emails with custom content and check statistics for reader receipts, bounces, opens, click-through rates, and other information.  Close the loop with webhooks that update your app with events from Contactology.  If you want to integrate the value of email creation, delivery, tracking and reporting with your core product, this industry-leading API comes with wrappers for PHP, Java, Perl, Ruby, Python, .NET.
Free pictures of everything on Earth. All pictures on Ookaboo are available free under public domain or Creative Commons licences and can be used on web sites, classwork and other creative projects.  null photo,reference,search,social, Free pictures of everything on Earth. All pictures on Ookaboo are available free under public domain or Creative Commons licences and can be used on web sites, classwork and other creative projects. 
Financial markets data service Financial financial,markets,statistics,stocks, The established service provides free, unrestricted access to raw data for customers for its financial market information. The same publish/subscribe and request/response interactions available via its proprietary interface can be accessed via API. This functionality gives access to data on current market trades, either real-time or delayed, along with reference data on reference data, historical information, and records of intraday trading.  API methods support selection by security using standard ticker symbols and the provider&#039;s own &quot;Open Symbology&quot; across classes of securities. Effective dates and date ranges may also be specified to retrieve historical results. Sources of pricing data are designated.
Email management service Email email,sbweb,smtp, Delivers and tracks transactional emails for web applications. Replaces SMTP/sendmail on the server and provides a reliable and scalable environment. In addition, you can track statistics for number of emails sent, bounces and spam complaints. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
Architectural component information service Search architecture,energy,search, The service from the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) provides a repository of standardized data about features commonly found in buildings. It service the needs of architects, designers, and construction personnel to create models of building energy use over time. Data for individual building components describe energy performance characteristics of windows, doors, walls, etc. matched to weather information.  API methods support search for specific building components either by type or keyword. Returned data provides descriptive facets to help narrow a search. Methods allow download of performance profiles for selected components for incorporation in an energy model for a building as a whole.
Client relationship and contact management system Enterprise address,contacts,CRM,database,enterprise,sales, karmaCRM is a sales and contact database. karmaCRM helps salespeople keep track of their client relationships, sales leads, and other contact information within the client relationship management system (CRM).  The karmaCRM API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of karmaCRM with other applications. Some example API methods include managing contact information, retrieving contact information, and managing and retrieving custom field information. 
Lorem Ipsum generator tool Tools loremipsum,text,tools,webdesign, HipsterJesus accesses Hipster Ipsum, a tool which automatically generates Hipster-flavored Lorem Ipsum text. Users can build applications that use the Hipster Ipsum functionality with the API. It uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in TXT.
Jazz musician relationship information service Music music,opendata,semantic, Linked Jazz is a project designed to reveal relationships between jazz musicians using digital archives on jazz history. The project uses Linked Open Data (LOD) technology to uncover meaningful connections in the archived data and reveal the social networks that composed these jazz musicians&#039; professional and personal lives.  The Linked Jazz API can be used to search for specific people, return relationship information, and get the raw text for the digital archive transcripts.
Open Source tools for science Reference address,geocoding,IP,science, Data Science Toolkit is a site that offers a free collection of open data sets and open-source tools for data science. The suite of tools include the following:  *Geodict *Text to Places *IP Address to Coordinates *Street Address to Coordinates *Coordinates to Politics *File to Text *Text to Sentences *HTML to Text *HTML to Story *Text to People   The APIs use RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
Document management and conversion services Office conversion,documents,office,pdf,tools, VeryPDF provides a suite of cloud-based APIs that allow developers to work with many different kinds of documents - such as Adobe PDFs, Microsoft Word documents, barcodes, and email formats and protocols - within their applications. These services allow users to create new documents and to automate common processes, including document format conversion, text and image extraction, PDF encryption, metadata removal, and many others. The VeryPDF APIs can be accessed from any platform or programming language using REST calls.
Music metadata collection Music music,reference, OneMusicAPI is a collection of music metadata from multiple music sources and databases around the web. The OneMusicAPI allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of OneMusicAPI with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include searching music, retrieving music metadata, and displaying music metadata. 
Travel booking services Travel deadpool,europe,travel,uk, From their site: We are the market leader in the provision of UK and European short breaks. We are part of Holidaybreak PLC, a publicly quoted leisure company. You will need to be a registered Superbreak affiliate before you can be given access to the Superbreak Web Services API. 
Advertising service for publishers and ad networks Advertising advertising,affiliates,search, Mirago is an international advertising network that provides text, banner, and rich media advertising. All of their services are provided on a white label basis and are highly scalable. Publishers can use Mirago to earn revenue from traffic, and ad networks can use it to run their own online ad platforms. Both publishers and advertisers have access to online management and reporting tools.  Users can implement the Mirago ad feed via API. XML-based requests are recommended for server-side integration, especially when layout changes are involved. JSON is recommended for use with AJAX requests.
Real time bus ticket booking service Transportation bus,realtime,transit,transportation, Travelyaari.com is a 100% real time bus ticket booking service in India. It boasts the largest bus ticket inventory for over 10,000 bus routes. Users can book bus tickets in real time without having to request booking, pay only the ticket price without additional charges and cancel ticket bookings. The API exposes the site&#039;s functionality with over 50 available methods. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Track packages over email, SMS, Facebook or Twitter. TrackThis monitors your packages and when the move sends you a message with the new location and ETA. TrackThis supports FedEx, UPS, USPS, DHL and other tracking codes. null messaging,microblogging,packages,shipping,track,tracking, Track packages over email, SMS, Facebook or Twitter. TrackThis monitors your packages and when the move sends you a message with the new location and ETA. TrackThis supports FedEx, UPS, USPS, DHL and other tracking codes.
Cellular phone signal location service Telephony geolocation,gps,telephony, The service provides geolocation information by detecting the nearest cellular phone access point and marking its location. It was developed to provide location to a phone&#039;s systems without the need to access a global positioning system (GPS) signal. After identifying an antenna, it consults constantly updated databases of exact antenna locations, then provides those coordinates as the phone&#039;s approximate location.   API methods support submission of parameters identifying the mobile country code (MCC), mobile network code (MNC), and local area code. The API returns latitude and longitude coordinates along with a value indicating the antenna&#039;s coverage area as a proxy for location accuracy. 
Print Management Service Office environment,management,office,printing, PaperCut is a print optimization service that aims to help organizations reduce print costs and their environmental impact. The PaperCut API allows access to the functionality of the PaperCut system using SOAP, REST, or XML-RPC protocols. The service can track printing, check the environmental impact, manage wireless printing, set print limitations, set quotas by group or individual, and generate reports. The API uses IP level security, Authentication Tokens, and SSL for security. 
Historical Stock Price lookup service Financial finance,stocks, Stocklytics provides stock market data of all sorts, from ticker symbol quotes with charts, to news and even Twitter results about the particular stock. The three major US markets are supported: NASDAQ, AMEX and NYSE.   The Historical Prices API can be used to look up the Open, Close, High and Low price, as well as the volume of stock traded for a stock code within a particular date range. The API supports the downloading of the entire historical data set on file for a stock going back to January 1st 1980. The Stocklytics API makes the Stocklytics data available as a RESTful API with JSON and CSV output.
Savings account core processing platform Backend accounts,backend,banking,FDIC,savings, CorePro is a savings account core processing platform from Social Money, that allows prepaid card companies, merchants, PFM, payroll companies, and startups to integrate savings accounts into online and mobile solutions. The Platform is capable of accruing and paying interest, generating monthly electronic statements, and electronically submitting 1099s to the IRS.  The CorePro REST API allows customer applications to incorporate FDIC-insured saving accounts, including issuing accounts and initiating ACH transfers for users. 
Application building platform Backend application,baas,backend,EU,management,mobile, Webinos is a service funded by the European Union (EU) to build and deliver web, mobile, TV, car, and cross-platform applications. Webinos offers tools and features for developers to build and manage applications.   The Webinos API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Webinos with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include authenticating applications, adding features to applications, and managing applications. 
Real time sports data Sports Data,realtime,sports, SportsData is a provider of real-time, accurate sports statistics and sports content. SportsDataa??s data coverage includes all major U.S. sports, plus hundreds of leagues throughout the world. Data can be retrieved from SportsData via their API. This data includes schedules, standings, statistics, play by play and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML except for NFL data which can also be returned in JSON.
English dictionary reference source Dictionary Dictionary,english,longman,pearson,reference, The Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English is a best-selling title in both print and digital formats and was voted one of the best English dictionaries by iPhone users. The database is the most up-to-date dictionary of the English language aimed at non-native English speakers.   Developers working with the Longman Dictionary dataset will benefit from an established global brand that is associated with quality, accuracy, and natural English.
Online shopping cart application for retailers Retail Cart,cloud,retail,shopping, Vendo is an online shopping cart application providing retailers with a simple solution for seeing up websites as online stores. Vendo provides customer applications with read/write access to their products database through a RESTful API. The API can be called via the customer website or the Vendo site. 
Online music service Music music, Shuffler.fm is an online music magazine that is created and curated by music bloggers on the web. Shuffler.fm allows users to search and discover music from blogs and music sites to hear new music and see what the music trends on the web are.  The Shuffler.fm API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Shuffler.fm with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving lists of tracks and tracks, retrieving blogs, searching, and accessing artist information. 
Recommendations service Recommendations deadpool,recommendations,reviews,social, Blips are 160 character reviews with smiley icons that sum up your opinion. Carry on the blippr conversation elsewhere ??? connect to other services and make your voice heard across the interwebs.
Wine reference and resources Shopping shopping,wine, Wine.com&#039;s database includes detailed information on over 40,000 SKUs, including labels, wine maker notes, professional ratings, customer reviews, geographical information, flavor profiles and more. In addition, the API will offer access to its Wine Basics content, covering all the major wine growing regions and grape varietals.
Designer/developer community Social social,webdesign, Forrst is a community for designers and developers to connect and share their work. Users of Forrst can share links, screenshots of their current projects and code to help their fellow developers. The Forrst API provides access to all these types of posts, as well as user information. Applications can authenticate users to retrieve additional information.  This API is in beta, with write methods planned soon.
Green lifestyle suggestion service Social deadpool,environment,green,social, Green Thing is a public service that inspires people to lead a greener life. With the help of brilliant videos and inspiring stories etc. from creative people and community members around the world, Green Thing focuses on seven things you can do - and enjoy doing. Join people from 193 countries doing their green things and making a difference.
Social gaming network Games games,poker,social, Cubeia Social is a social poker network that enables anyone to create and run their own social poker site using play money. Cubeia Social handles the technical aspects of the game so that operators can focus on building their brand.   Cubeia Social exposes a REST API that offers operators programmatic access to the system. API resources include Account, Leaderboard, Lobby, Operator, PlayersOnline, System, Tester, and User. An API key is required.   
Free service for caching torrent files online File Sharing caching,file-sharing,storage,torrent, ZoinkIT is a free online service for caching torrent files. The ZoinkIT API allows users to automate caching of newly created .torrent files. The web service is available as both a SOAP API and via HTTP POST calls.
Lyrics Database Music database,lyrics,music,search, LYRDB offers free access to their database to make searches and retrieve lyrics through an HTTP interface. Users can also submit new lyrics with the API. LYRDB is a lyrics database containing more than 1,000,000 lyrics. Responses are returned in text format.
Live video streaming service Video live,video, Access Ustream.TV&#039;s database and allow broadcasters and end-users to share, show, or browse our videos. Programmatically search broadcasters for a specific name, retrieve a popular show, and start streaming a show.
Resume parsing service Job Search enterprise,jobs,resume,semantic, Daxtra CVX is a multilingual tool that converts free-form resumes into structured XML information that is suitable for storage, reporting, and manipulation by computers. Daxtra CVX accepts resumes submitted in a wide variety of common formats, including MSWord, RTF, PDF, Word Perfect, HTML, MS Excel, PowerPoint, Plain Text, and more. It then extracts key information such as contact data, work experience, educational details, key skills, salary requirements, etc. The average processing speed is 2-5 seconds per document.
News feed and activity stream service Feeds deadpool,feeds,news, Newsfeed Lab is a hosted API for adding scalable news feeds and activity streams to web and mobile apps. Users can add single or multiple news feeds to their apps and can have newsfeeds across multiple apps depending on their plan. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Online hotel and accommodation search and booking service Travel hotel,reservations,travel, The service provides hotel search and look-up function with ability to book accommodations. It is designed for integration with travel services to allow selection of accommodations, with reservation booking, cancellation, and transfer capabilities. It includes flexible payment options, including direct payment to the properties booked.  API methods support submission of location and check-in/check-out dates with filters for hotel rating, specific amenities (e.g., swimming pool, gym, restaurant, etc.), and local features. Returned data provide matching properties and availability, with ability to book the specified reservation. 
Rectifications registry lookup service Reference Catalonia,reference,spain,statistics, The Rectifications API provides access to information in the register of rectifications of the Idescat website. Idescat is the official statistics website of Catalonia providing official statistics generated by the different departments that make up the statistical system in Catalonia. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML, JSON or PHP.
Foller.me is a Twitter service that can provide you with very detailed information about a specific Twitter user very quickly.  null followers,mapping,microblogging, Foller.me is a Twitter service that can provide you with very detailed information about a specific Twitter user very quickly. 
Miami Beach business and event information Events businesses,directory,events,miami,Tourism, MiamiBeachAPI.com is a service of the Miami Beach Visitor and Convention Authority (VCA) that delivers information on Miami Beach businesses and events. The site is powered by a RESTful API, through which the VCA exposes this information. The free API requires no signup and supports browsing and searching of events and businesses by category. Responses are JSON formatted.
Biological network visualization service Science biology,graphics,science,visualization, The service provides visualization tools to represent networks and pathways within biological research. Available as a web service or installed software, it ingests data about organisms and species and creates images depicting links and relationships between them. Interactions within an active community drive development of the graphical tools to create effective depictions for researchers.  API methods support defining characteristics of the nodes of a visualization, including the links between them that determine the graphic representation. Methods support lookup in species and organism records to help define node descriptions.
Platform for software as a service Office cloud,office,saas, Rollbase is a cloud platform for creation of software as a service (SaaS) business applications using point-and-click, drag-and-drop tools in a standard web-browser. Most applications can be built by business analysts and web developers without requiring a team of more advanced developers. 
Travel and tour marketplace Travel affiliate,booking,tours,travel, World Travel and Tours is a real-time tour marketplace that connects travelers, tour providers, and travel affiliates. World Travel and Tours exposes its activities and tours database to affiliates through an API. The API accepts HTTP GET calls and provides access to information and booking capabilities for tours and providers. Responses are XML formatted. 
Streampad allows you to stream music from your home machine to any internet connected machine. Uses Google maps to display where people are listening and Amazon to display album covers. null mapping,music,shopping, Streampad allows you to stream music from your home machine to any internet connected machine. Uses Google maps to display where people are listening and Amazon to display album covers.
Genuinely useful mashup that can help you determine if you are paying too much in rent. Enter an address, apartment size, and rent. It maps nearby units and shows a meter of your price versus min, max and average. null mapping,realestate, Genuinely useful mashup that can help you determine if you are paying too much in rent. Enter an address, apartment size, and rent. It maps nearby units and shows a meter of your price versus min, max and average.
Backend as a service platform Backend backend,hosting,internet,mobile,storage, CloudMine is a backend-as-a-service platform that removes the need for mobile app developers to build fully custom backend solutions for their applications. It offers a set of RESTful APIs that allows developers to create backend solutions for their applications. Solutions include schema-free data structure storage, user account creation and management, and server-side business logic. Responses are formatted in JSON.
Gift money transfers Social money,payment,social, GiftRocket is gift card money transferring service. First, users buy their friends a gift card online and then GiftRocket sends the recipients money to redeem the present, by check, PayPal, or bank transfer. The API provides users access to gift card purchasing functionality. It is a RESTful API that responds in JSON. Access and an API key are granted by request.
Application backend as a service Backend application,backend,internet, Kinvey enables developers to setup, use, and operate a cloud backend for mobile applications. Servers, maintenance, and scaling are all taken care of by Kinvey&#039;s backend-as-a-service architecture. Kinvey&#039;s API&#039;s and libraries enable developers focus on developing their application without spending time crafting a custom backend solution.  Kinvey&#039;s&#039;s services include data stores that can accommodate nested data structures, typed values, and advanced queries, cloud-backed storage for media, and functionality for tracking and leveraging user data. Kinvey provides detailed SDK&#039;s for iOS and Android, as well as their REST-based API for HTML5 and other platforms.
Service to store, update and view geodata Mapping deadpool,mapping, The Google Maps Data API allows client applications to view, store and update map data in the form of Google Data API feeds using a data model of features (placemarks, lines and shapes) and maps (collections of features). Since it uses this familiar model, this new API makes it easy to build geo applications for specific activities like planning and sharing trips, collaboratively mapping hiking trails, or saving a list of favorite restaurants
CRM services Enterprise CRM,enterprise,office,opensocial, Salesforce.com API provides programmatic access to an organization???s information and allows developers to implement custom functionality. The worldwide leader in on-demand customer relationship management (CRM) services. More companies trust their vital customer and sales data to salesforce.com than any other on-demand CRM company in the world. The Apex platform and API extends Salesforce and the AppExchange is a directory of on-demand applications.  The Force.com web services API allows users to create, retrieve, update or delete records, such as accounts, leads, and custom objects. With more than 20 different calls, the API also allows users to maintain passwords, perform searches, and much more.  The REST-based Bulk API is optimized for loading or deleting large sets of data. It allows users to query, insert, update, upsert, or delete a large number of records asynchronously by submitting a number of batches which are processed in the background by Salesforce.com.  The SOAP-based API, is optimized for real-time client applications that update small numbers of records at a time. Although the SOAP-based API can also be used for processing large numbers of records, when the data sets contain hundreds of thousands of records it becomes less practical. The Bulk API is designed to make it simple to process data from a few thousand to millions of records.  The Metadata API can be used to retrieve, deploy, create, update or delete customization information, such as custom object definitions and page layouts, for an organization using Salesforce.com. The Metadata API is intended for managing customizations and for building tools that can manage the metadata model, not the data itself.
Online video transcoding service Video Encoding,video, Web-based encoding software as a service, designed to quickly convert any video into web and mobile compatible formats. The platform can perform fast encoding and can handle unusual or corrupt files that some other services cannot handle. Developers can use the service with a REST based API, with JSON as the data structure. The API is tightly bound to the Amazon S3 service, with some of the API functions requiring an S3 bucket to save the transcoded videos.
Blogging platform information service Blogging blog,deadpool,language, The National Institute for Technology in Liberal Education (NITLE) helps liberal arts colleges and universities integrate technology into their instructional programs. The NITLE weblog census scans the web for active blogs across all languages, documenting language and interrelationships with other sites via incoming and outgoing links.   The API returns data for individual blogs and in summary form about authoring tools used for blogs, their languages, and link counts to gauge relationships among sites.
Advertising management Advertising advertising,SEO, The Google AdSense API is ideal for developers whose users create their own content through blogging, web publishing, forum/wiki/community creation, or any other application where substantial web content is generated.  Using the AdSense API, developers can let users sign up for AdSense through their site or program, generate detailed performance reports for users, and choose how the AdSense revenue is shared with our revenue sharing program. Additionally users can create accounts to store publisher website information, then generate ad code snippets and filter out unwanted ads.  A previous SOAP version has been deprecated in favor of REST with responses formatted as JSON.
U.S. national digital weather forecast service Weather forecast,government,weather, The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) provides the public, government agencies, and commercial enterprises with XML data from the National Weather Service&#039;s (NWS) digital forecast database.  This API is available through SOAP or REST protocols, and provides an array of parameters allowing users to create customizable queries to the digital forecast database. Users can search the database by specific latitude/longitude, time, unit of measurement, and weather parameters. This service is provided free of charge by the U.S. government.  Users interested in REST implementations of this API can find documentation [[http://graphical.weather.gov/xml/rest.php here]].
Text messaging provider for Africa and the Middle East Messaging messaging,mobile,sms,telephony,text, Cequens is a mobile text/SMS messaging service provider for users in Africa and the Middle East. Cequens&#039;s messaging services are built on cloud-based, dispersed servers that adjust to traffic loads.   Cequens provides APIs that developers can use to access and integrate the functionality of Cequens with other applications and systems. Some example API methods include managing users, sending messages, and checking credit balances.  
Personal cloud storage application Storage cloud,content,file,storage, Younity is a cloud-based application that stores and automatically syncs all uploaded files and content across multiple devices. Users can upload and store documents, videos, music, and more to Younity and access from any connected device.  The Younity API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Younity with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact Younity for more information.
Scientific data visualization service Science 3d,image,science,visualization, The X Toolkit (XTK) is a lightweight toolkit for visualizing scientific data. It can read a variety of formats for surface models, volume files, tractography files, scalar overlay files, look-up table files, and 2D texture files. XTK can perform a variety of operations with 3D image data, including volume rendering, thresholding, and cross-sectional slicing. It also provides support for constructive solid geometry, label maps, color tables, and surface overlays. New users can learn to use XTK by looking at demos or following along with the lessons provided. XTK can be integrated into websites using JavaScript code.
Japanese social blogging service Blogging blog,japan,photo,social, Flipnote Hatena is a Japanese blogging service. It provides community spaces for people with shared hobbies or interests to converse and exchange information. Hatena also provides an album service for posting and sharing photos. Additionally, it comes with a bookmark service that lets users save their favorite pages and publish them with comments and tags.  The Flipnote Hatena API allows users to retrieve data associated with their accounts including their flipnotes, comments, favorite creators, and fans. The Hatena website and API documentation are provided in both Japanese and English. However, much of the Hatena site content is available only in Japanese.
Web Page Creation Internet internet,webdesign, Pen.io is a fast and simple solution for creating basic text-based web pages. Users can use the Pen.io tags to embed videos and images into their pages without having to use HTML tags (although some HTML tags are supported). Pen.io also has a RESTful API that includes the same functionality as the web based service, with the additional ability to have Pen.io act as a private key store; a page with &#039;private&#039; set will only be available through the API with authentication. 
Recipes, grocery list, and nutrition API Food cooking,food,health,nutrition,recipes,reference, BigOven is a social network about food that aims to make you a better cook.   The BigOven API lets you search over 170,000+ recipes by ingredient, title and other criteria, get recipes and recipe reviews, and get detailed ingredient information.   You can get and update grocery lists. Support for XML and JSON formats in a REST-based API.
Natural language processing tools News language,news,NLP,search,semantic,text, ClearForest Semantic Web Services-1 (SWS-1) leverages the power of over a decade of research and product development in natural language processing, text extraction and event detection, making these capabilities available now as a standard web service. Text is submitted to the web service where semantic analysis is applied to it, identifying all people, organizations, and geographies located within the text. The service returns the results as XML or as a formatted web page. The API enables Web site developers, software programmers, enterprise information managers and others to identify concepts and relationships contained in text and the results can be incorporated directly in user applications or as a component of web sites. 
social media monitoring tool Social analytics,social, Radian6 SocialCloud API provides the ability to interact with and fetch Topics, Lookup data, and other content from the radian6 system. For example, you can fetch posts matching given query parameters for recent X hours. Radian6 is a social media monitoring tool/platform that helps businesses listen, track, measure and engage in conversations across the social web.
Online music management service Music music, Official.fm is an online service for music professionals. Official.fm allows users to upload and manage their music, decide if it is public or private, customize their brand, share their music and information, and promote and sell tickets for their concerts.  Official.fm offers three APIs: a simple API, an advanced API, and a player API. The simple API allows users to get information about a user, track, or playlist. The advanced API allows users to create, read, update, and delete data on Official.fm. The player API allows users to create, control, and listen to Flash or HTML5 players.
Image Display Service Photos display,image,photo,tools, FancyBox is a tool for showcasing images, multi-media and html content in a Mac-style &quot;lightbox&quot; that floats overtop of web page. The FancyBox API allows users to manipulate the padding, margin, opacity, modal, scrolling, and other attributes of the images being displayed. Users can also change and manipulate the displayed content. 
Advertising media buying and selling service Advertising advertising,media, MediaEquals is a service that buys, sells, and trades advertising media on various platforms, including online media. MediaEquals represents both media owners and advertising agencies for their media selling and buying needs.  The MediaEquals API allows developers to integrate MediaEquals functionality into other applications. Some of the features of the API allow users to import and export media plans and booking information, access reporting and monitoring information, and remotely access their MediaEquals account.
Real time bonds price data service Financial financial,stocks, The Bonds Real-Time service provides real-time price and yield data for more than 200,000 U.S. corporate and agency bonds. The service includes all of the real-time bond detail including last trade, daily and yearly open/high/low, volume, accrued interest, yield to maturity, and convexity to maturity. The API uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Create components for internet browsers Internet BROWSER,deadpool,internet,russia, Yandex is the largest search engine in Russia and develops a number of Internet-based services and products. Yandex offers owners of websites and blogs tools with which they can apply the functional services of Yandex in their projects. The site and documentation are in Russian.   The Yandeks Bara API allows users to create the various components for the panel to Yandex, ranging from simple buttons to complex functionality. Anyone with Yandeks.Bara can add a component into their browser. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Weather forecasting service Weather forecast,weather, The CDYNE Weather API allows users to retrieve weather information for U.S. cities. Users may either retrieve the current weather or a seven day forecast, both of which are updated hourly. The information is gathered from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administrationa??s (NOAA) National Weather Service.
Workflow optimization tool Project Management office,project-management,tools,utility, LeanKit Kanban is an online tool that allows users to visualize their organizationa??s processes on virtual whiteboards. Users can collaborate in realtime to optimize their workflows and create projects. Analytical reports based on the history of the cards used in each whiteboard are also available.  The LeanKit Kanban API gives users the ability to retrieve data about boards, cards, and recent history, as well as methods for moving cards, adding and updating cards, and deleting cards. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Dutch online retail store Shopping books,dvd,electronics,movies,netherlands,shopping, Bol.com is the biggest online retailer from the Netherlands. Bol.com sells a variety of products, including DVDs, games, music, electronics, computers, and books.  The Bol.com API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Bol.com with other applications. The available API methods are retrieving products and product information, retrieving lists of results, and retrieving search results. Wishlist and shoppingcart methods are available on demand.
Telephone based verification services Telephony security,telephony,validation, TeleSign offers phone-based authentication and verification services with coverage in more than 200 countries and 50 languages. Among their services are telephone verification, two factor identification, and phone ID. These services can be integrated with third party systems via a SOAP API. Documentation is not publicly available.
Music chart service Music deadpool,music,reference, Billboard publishes the most trusted charts and offers unrivaled reporting about the latest music, video, gaming, media, digital & mobile entertainment issues and trends.  The Billboard API puts the entire history of our weekly charts at your fingertips.  Officially terminated as of 1 May 2013
Restaurant Menu and Local Business Storefront API Food api,business,local,menus,restaurant,storefronts, SinglePlatform, the worlda??s leading provider of menus, has a free API that enables publishers to implement hundreds of thousands of restaurant menus spanning over 13,000 cities.    Forward thinking publishers integrate menus directly into their framework to increase key digital metrics, silo their users from leaving to go to competitors, and most importantly, enhance user experience.    SinglePlatform&#039;s publishers include many of the largest media companies, search engines, social media sites, mobile applications, travel guides, and local review sites, and more.  Partners include everyone from Foursquare, New York Times, and YellowPages.com, to MetroMix, Village Voice Media, Foodspotting, and Hunch.  Visit www.singleplatform.com to find out more - or email SP directly at info@singleplatform.com 
Pass and ticket creation service for PassBook Tools coupons,deadpool,pass,payment,ticket,tools, Tello PassTools is a service for creating passes and tickets for Apple&#039;s PassBook. Tello offers designs for event tickets, boarding passes, coupons, and giftcards.   The Tello PassTools API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PassTools with PassBook and other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: https://passtools.com/users/sign_up.
Cross-platform social gaming service Games deadpool,games,mobile,social, XPG Live is cross-platform social gaming API. The services provides gamers with the ability to compete with other gamers across multiple platforms. The platforms include Windows Phone, iPhone, Blackberry, Android, MonoDroid, and MonoTouch. Developers can include achievements, leader boards, friend networking, messaging, and cloud storage. The API includes seamless integration with Twitter and Facebook. 
Travel booking site Travel booking,flight,travel, Fare Buzz is a travel booking site, connecting customers to flights, hotels, car rentals, and vacation packages. Fare Buzz provides clients with access to published and consolidator air fares through their Flight Gateway Web Service. This SOAP API can be used to search for and book fares through a 3rd party application or website. 
Customer service chat platform Chat business,chat, The LivePerson platform enables businesses to identify and engage customers using the right communication channel, at the right time. This hosted solution delivers tools that support and manage online customer interactions ??? chat, email, voice, and knowledgebase ??? from a single agent application.  The service provides users an opportunity to immediately chat with a representative via an instant messaging system embedded in their site. With the API, users can create, update and retrieve resources. Responses are formatted in XML and JSON.  With the LivePerson Agent API, developers can create agent chat applications from any desktop, mobile device or server-based software application. These applications enable agents (real or virtual) to log into their LivePerson account, take chats from visitors and to transfer chats to other agents. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Passbook application service Shopping coupons,events,pass,retail,shopping, Purple is an application that allows brands and companies to engage with their customers via mobile phones and iPhones. Purple lets users create various passes, coupons, tickets, and more with Apple&#039;s Passbook.  The Purple API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Purple with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email friend@likepurple.com for more information.  
Personnel directory service Enterprise directory,education,enterprise,reference,university, The University of Washington Person API provides programmatic access to information on UW personnel, including employees, students, and alumni. This information includes names, university ID numbers, employee IDs, student numbers, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and other relevant data. All resources are private, and access requires approval.
Education grant data Education education,government, Data.ed.gov is a website providing information about Department of Education grants. Datasets, performance statistics, and other data is provided by and accessible through the site. The website is part of the Open Government Initiative.   Data.ed.gov provides data via CSV, JSON, XML, and the Socrata Open Data API. Data sets are split between K-12, and colleges & universities.
Video Search Video deadpool,search,video, Clipta?s API allows you to search and display an index of over 300 million online videos, and offers web publishers and developers to bring customizable video search to their sites and use video search results in custom applications and widgets.
Online comic strip Other comics,humor, From their site: MAD Magazine for the Blogosphere.
Weblog connection path discovery service Blogging blog, Downhill is an online tool for finding the shortest path between two weblogs or for finding weblogs that match a string prefix. Users can also do lookups against the weblog ecosystem data on which Downhill is based, or pick random weblogs from the dataset. The Downhill XML-RPC API allows users to access this functionality using a programmatic interface.
Mobile and web application usage service Utility analytics,application,mobile,utility, Keen IO helps app developers build custom analytics & data science features directly into their mobile apps and web dashboards. Keen IO provides the infrastructure and APIs to collect data and build analytics into your business.
File management service Media Management documents,file-sharing,management,photo, Wappwolf is a file management application. Users can upload documents from a variety of sources (mobile, email, web, dropbox), process photos, process documents, and share files with other people.  The Wappwolf API allows developers to access and integrate Wappwolf functionality into other applications and sites. Example API methods include managing files, creating and editing user accounts, and retrieving files.
Convert HTML to PDF Documents Office conversion,deadpool,office,pdf,tools, Joliprint is a webservice that converts HTML webpages into PDF documents. Joliprint also provides a free RESTful API for developers to integrate Joliprint&#039;s service into their own applications. In addition to converting webpages into PDFs, Joliprint&#039;s API can also provide an XML/JSON document that describes the PDF, a JPG thumbnail image of the PDF&#039;s 1st page, or return a short URL to link to the converted PDF.
Website analytics and Intenet tools service Tools analytics,deadpool,internet,pagerank,SEO,tools, Website Analysis is the measurement and reporting service of data relevant to a particular website for the purpose of understanding its current position on the web. Examineurl takes a number of factors into consideration when analyzing your website value and changes its formula depending on current market trends.   Other API services include: SEO analysis, WHOIS API, Google PageRank API, and SERP Rank API. 
Photo album retrieval service Photos photo,sports, The Philadelphia Cricket Club is a private club with several clubhouses located in Pennsylvania. In addition to cricket, they also provide facilities for golf, paddle, squash, swimming, and tennis. Their website hosts a photo album, which can be accessed programmatically using its SOAP-based API. The Photo Album API enables users to load all or some of the images from the photo album onto their own websites.
Federal project dashboard Government dashboard,government,transparency, The Federal Infrastructures Project Dashboard is a government-project transparency app. It allows interested parties to view the development of ongoing high priority projects across America. Users can view projects in diversity of categories, such as: Green Infrastructure, Transmission, Transportation, and more. A suite of APIs exposes data access functionality, allowing developers to grab information about the projects, their permits, actions, sectors, and much more. They are RESTful APIs that return XML and JSON responses. 
Social trip planning service Travel recommendations,social,travel, Add to Trip is a centralized white-label, graph-api platform where travelers can collaborate with friends and family on a trip via their website or application.   The Add to Trip API lets users manage a social travel network including user creation/authentication, social notifications, geolocation searches, trip itineraries, travel related objects and more. With the API, developers can create trips; add hotels, flights and more to that trip; invite friends to join the trip via social tools such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn; use geolocation to look up other user&#039;s trips and recommendations.   The API also lets users create a social travel graph by relating objects to each other. Users can get information about travel-specific items such as restaurants, hotels, points of interest, activities, shopping, purchase history, and their relationships between each other and people. This functionality allows users to create believable recommendations based on where someone has traveled, their purchase behavior, and their friends. In addition, the Add to Trip API has a messaging mechanism, where any thread of messages can be related to any other API object. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are fomratted in JSON.
A personalized content channel, currently focused on music. It creates a mashup magazine with news, reviews, videos, and images all based on your own music taste. Uses over 9 different APIs. null music,photo,reviews,shopping,video, A personalized content channel, currently focused on music. It creates a mashup magazine with news, reviews, videos, and images all based on your own music taste. Uses over 9 different APIs.
Accounting application  Financial accounting,Australia,bookkeeping,budget,financial, MYOB AccountRight Live is an accounting application for businesses in Australia. MYOB AccountRight Live offers a variety of accounting and bookkeeping features.   The MYOB AccountRight Live API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of MYOB AccountRight Live with other applications. Some example API methods include managing accounting files, retrieving information on accounts, and managing transactions. 
Books database and community Reference books,library,reference, From their site: Three APIs available: (1) thingISBN takes an ISBN and returns a list of ISBNs from the same "work" (ie., other editions and translations); (2) thingTitle takes a title and returns a list of ISBNs from the most likely LibraryThing "work," the LibraryThing title and a link to the LibraryThing work page; and (3) thingLang takes an ISBN and returns the language of the book, using language codes from MARC records, and from the Group Identifiers embedded at the start of the ISBN format.
U.S. railroad accident information service Transportation government,safety,transportation, The Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) has many functions relating to the maintenance, regulation, and administration of railroads in the U.S. In the course of fulfilling these functions, the FRA collects and stores a great deal of safety-related information. The FRA provides methods for online visitors to download this information using SOAP calls. Information is returned in XML format.
Australian daily deals network Shopping coupons,deals,local,shopping, Jack Media is an Australian daily deals network offering a deals shopping platform to users. The platform enables daily deal and other group buying sites to be more competitive, creates new revenue streams for online publishers and promotes greater control for merchants. The API lets users integrate local and targeted deals into their own websites. The ads can be customized using over a dozen parameters. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Mapping services Mapping display,mapping,places,viewer, The Google Maps API allow for the embedding of Google Maps onto web pages of outside developers, using a simple JavaScript interface or a Flash interface. It is designed to work on both mobile devices as well as traditional desktop browser applications. The API includes language localization for over 50 languages, region localization and geocoding, and has mechanisms for enterprise developers who want to utilize the Google Maps API within an intranet. The API HTTP services can be accessed over a secure (HTTPS) connection by Google Maps API Premier customers.
Tweet Exposure Tracking Service Tools analytics,reporting,social,tools,tracking,Twitter, The TweetReach API allows users to access the trackers associated with an account, the tracker metrics, and get a list of contributors involved with a tracker. The TweetReach service itself enables users to analyze the level of exposure their tweets get on twitter.  This API uses HTTP GET calls and returns either JSON or XML. An API key is required for use, and the service is available to TweetReach Pro subscribers at the Plus of higher plan level. 
Live music and concert information Music deadpool,events,music, From their site: Live Nation&#039;s concert event database features a comprehensive listing of worldwide live music events. The Event Data API includes artist names, venue names, event location, show dates and times, ticket presale and on sale dates, ticket links, and more.
SMS Service and Management Tools Telephony enterprise,telephony,VoIP, &quot;This API enables authorised wholesale customers of Simwood to, ???nd, allocate and manage inbound numbers (both DDI/DID and non-geographic) as well as control other aspects of their account. It is intended to enable the control and issue of numbers to be integrated with customer software and web-sites and is not designed for direct end user use.&quot;  Users of this API are also able to send Faxes and SMS messages
Canadian automobile policy and claims database Reference canada,cars,Insurance,reference, CGI is a business information and technology company. One service they provide is Autoplus, a database of Canadian automobile policy and claims information. Its records span more than 15 years and include 40 million policy records and 30 million claims. This information can be accessed using a driver&#039;s license or a policy number. Reports can be obtained at different levels of detail, ranging from Autoplus Classic to Autoplus Platinum. Users may access CGI Autoplus using the internet, web services, the API, or a host-host connection.
Book sharing service Social books,church,social, Book-sharing service for churches. Congregation members can add their books to the site, then anyone can search to find books available to loan to other members. API can be integrated into church websites.
Embed videos on web sites Video deadpool,games,movies,trailer,video, Using the 90sec.tv API users can easily embed videos on their web pages. With the 90sec.tv API users have full access to 6000  high quality movie and game trailers. The trailers are updated everyday and updates can bevautomatically received via this API. With version 1, users can download the video list and video detail, access the video games list and cinema channel, and adjust the color of the videoplayer. The API uses RESTful calls and all data is returned as XML. Site and documentation are in German.
U.S. Communications Data Service Government government, United Stated Federal Communications Commission API provides access to information about licenses, consumer broadband speed and other data related to communications. The API is made of a suite of services using RESTful protocol and returning responses in XML, JSON and JSONP.  The Consumer Broadband Test API lets users lookup data on the number of tests, average user download/upload speeds, and more  The Census Block Conversions API lets users look up census block numbers based on latitude/longitude pairs.  The FRN Conversions API lets users learn more company information about broadband providers, which often change from state to state.  The License View API provides information on over 3 million FCC issued licenses for use of the nation&#039;s airwaves and other purposes.  The Spectrum Dashboard APIs let users search spectrum band allocation and who owns licenses within the 225 MHz to 3700 MHz frequency range in the United States.
Travel guide to London Travel barcelona,berlin,london,new,travel,york, The award-winning DK Eyewitness Travel Guides show you what others only tell you. The guides showcase top tourist sights and attractions along with restaurant, caf??, bar, and hotel listings. Immerse yourself in rich photographs of key geo-coded places in London, New York City, Paris, Berlin, Rome, Barcelona & Catalonia, Venice & Veneto, Prague, and Washington DC which distinguish DK content from other publishers.   DK has established a worldwide reputation for its innovative non-fiction books in which the clarity of the words and pictures come together to spectacular effect. The brand inspires trust and prides itself on providing content with international interest and appeal.
Browser testing service Tools BROWSER,testing,tools, BrowserStack is a service that allows developers to securely test their HTML, CSS, or JavaScript code in real browsers on both Windows and Mac operating systems. This includes not just PC environments, but also mobile devices and tablets. Most popular browsers are available through BrowserStack, including multiple versions of Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari, and Internet Explorer.  The RESTful BrowserStack API allows developers to integrate BrowserStack&#039;s testing functions into other systems and applications.
Abbreviated words services Reference reference, The Abbrevations API lets you get abbreviations for a word. For example, you can submit the word &quot;asap&quot; to the service endpoint and get &quot;As Soon As Possible&quot; returned in the response. Words have categories, which are also included in the responses. Use parameters to customize requests, such as category id, sort by, search type, or a mixture of these. The Abbrevations API is from Abbreviations.com.
Music and song lyric search engine compiler Music lyrics,music,search, LYRICSnMUSIC is a lyric and music search engine, pulling songs and lyrics from a variety of online sources. The LYRICSnMUSIC API provides a RESTful interface for searching for and displaying song lyrics. Users may display up to 150 characters of a songa??s lyrics with a  link back. JSON and JSON-P formatted responses are supported.
SSL reseller platform Internet internet,security, GeoTrust is a security company that sells SSL certificates, GeoCerts, for websites. The company also has a reseller program so that affiliates can provide the GeoCerts to their customers and receive commission from any sales. The GeoCerts Reseller API provides free access for resellers to develop their own SSL storefronts. Documentation for the REST API is available upon request.
Rhyming dictionary Dictionary deadpool,Dictionary,reference,rhyming, An HTML scraper of rhymezone. Users can enter words and rhyming words are returned. Formats range from JSON, XML, and an HTML table. No sign-up requirements or developer keys required. Get the rhyme you are looking for.
Transactional big data platform  Enterprise analysis,big-data,creditcard,enterprise,payment,Transactional, ERN Global is a transactional big data platform. ERN Global offers features to capture, store, analyze, and manipulate transactional data. Consumers, merchants, credit card processors, and card issuers can all use ERN Global for various data needs.   The ERN Global API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ERN Global with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. 
Location-based gaming platform Games games,gps,location,mobile, Gbanga is a mixed reality, social gaming platform for mobile phones. The Gbanga Puppetmaster API is a location-based gaming platform. It allows developers to integrate location awareness into games, and to interact with existing Gbanga games, including Gbanga Familia. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Messaging capability service Messaging application,email,messaging, Message Bus is a messaging service that allows developers to add messaging capabilities to their websites and applications. Through the Message Bus API, developers can access and integrate the functionality of the Message Bus Global Delivery Network with other applications and websites. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here for more information: https://www.messagebus.com/features/api-smtp/.
Telecommunications services Telephony telephony, Globe Labs focuses on including its different partners across future telecommunications or complimenting technologies to identify and develop applications across fixed and wireless networks. Globe Labs&#039; network technologies allow you to develop your own innovative applications, solutions and services. Using the API, you can integrate messaging or location-based services into your application.
Spelling, style, and grammar checking Blogging blog,grammar,spelling,style,writing, After the Deadline checks spelling, misused words, style, and grammar with advanced AI and NLP techniques.
Mapping search service Mapping deadpool,mapping,search, With geocubes, you can cluster your geo-points and get well-structured representation, add and remove geo-points in realtime to your map, fasten your map search, and reduce the load time of your maps. geocubes displays your data on the map either as one marker per data point or a graphic with a number representing the number of points in that square. 
Bulk SMS service Messaging messaging,sms, SMS Fastly is a bulk SMS service that provides coverage for 160 countries. Text messages sent through the service can be up to 160 characters long, though a &quot;concatenated SMS&quot; method is available for longer messages. SMS Fastly offers an API that lets resellers give their users a means of sending SMS without using the web interface on the reseller&#039;s site. This API functions using HTTP GET (REST) calls.
Free text translation service Tools language,russia,tools,Translation, Yandex is a major Russia-based internet company and search engine with the stated mission of answering any question internet users may have. In 2012 Yandex handled the majority of all search traffic in Russia.   Yandex.Translate is a free online text translation service. The Yandex.Translate API provides developer access to text translation services including language detection. Six language pairs are currently supported, including English-Russian. Responses may be JSON, JSONP, or XML formatted. 
Customer sales referral service Retail advertising,marketing,referral,sales,social, Curebit is a social marketing campaign platform that enables companies to get their customers to refer their friends from social networking services to purchase their products or services.   The Curebit API allows developers to access the subscribe function in Curebit. As the API is in the initial stage, developers are asked to contact Curebit if they plan on using the API.
Customer relationship management (CRM) service Enterprise contacts,CRM,enterprise,marketing, Contactually is a customer relationship management system. Some features of Contactually include automatic contact management, recommended actions for contacts based on history, and exploring other opportunities through the user&#039;s network.  The Contactually API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality with other applications. Some example API methods include managing contacts, retrieving contact histories, and listing information about contacts.
Online mapping service Search advertising,display,mapping,places,shopping,viewer, From their site: Marketers and Developers Where2GetIt has released the availability of its next generation mapping and geospatial platform via the release of if its SlippyMap API.  Like other geospatial providers, Where2GetIt utilizes the latest in AJAX technology to create highly interactive online mapping applications. Where2GetIt differs from others through its unique use of unobtrusive Javascript. Unlike the APIs of Yahoo, Google and MapQuest which rely on the more complicated and highly visible JavaScript coding, Where2GetIt???s functionality allows customers to create geospatial applications with simple HTML and cascading style sheets, CSS.
Online hotel and accommodation search and booking service Travel hotel,reservations,travel, The service provides search and reservation booking for travel accommodations. It offers access to hotel room reservations, but also condos, villas, and apartments for short-term rental, depending on the destination. Services include identifying properties by date and location, booking reservations, and canceling previous bookings.  API methods support submission of a location with check-in and check-out dates. Returned data include available properties, specifications, and rates with additional functionality to reserve accommodations. Methods also support reservation look-up, review, and modification or cancellation.
Meet and Greet Parking Service Travel comparison,parking,tools,transportation,travel, StressFreeAirportParking offers a web-based booking service for users to arrange for an airport meet and greet. This service offers travelers a way to safely store their car while traveling. Users drop off their car with a driver at airport, the car is securely stored. A drive will pick up the user in their car when they return.   The StressFreeAirportParking API is a parking price comparison energy for this service and other travel related parking services across England and Europe. The API can be implemented into a third party site to generate site revenue. 
Enterprise search platform Enterprise backend,enterprise,search,semantic, Kimola is a Backend as a Service platform that enables business to rapidly build search based or search enabled applications. In addition to providing common search features, Kimola creates an environment that allows users to browse and search whole content online.   Kimola offers a REST API for access to Kimola features over HTTP. Current API methods include Search, Get Phrases, Get Suggestions, Get Part Spaces, Delete Part Spaces, and Index Document. Responses are returned in JSON. An API key is required.    
Mobile games discovery and marketing service Games affiliate,games,marketing, AppLift is a mobile games discovery and marketing service. Their goal is to be a mobile affiliate network that is soley focused on games. Advertising affiliates can use the API to track, analyze and optimize mobile game app installs and post install events. The API or an SDK can be used to track conversions to any traffic source, marketing channel, creative type or other variable.
Community driven open database Database database,reference, Freebase is an open database of the over 22 million real world entities like people, places, organizations and much more. It&#039;s built by the community and for the community free for anyone to query, contribute to, build applications on top of, or integrate into their websites.  The Freebase API is an aggregate of HTTP APIs that provide you with read/write access to the data stored in Freebase. The APIs support different use cases and allow you to get access the same Freebase data in many different ways. The search API returns freebase data given a free text user query. The search service indexes freebase data for any given entity, as well as other sources such as Wikipedia content.
Public social media database Search archive,database,media,search,social, Archiver is an index of spidered publicly available social media data searchable by keyword and location. The Archiver API aims to help developers to query the diverse sources of the archive and supports a variety of methods, including full-text search and user data. 
Web application hosting and publishing service Backend applications,backend,development,hosting, Nive is a hosting platform and publishing environment for web applications. Easily integrate development components as web services with just a few clicks. Services include user account management, access permissions, website cms, and more.    Nive offers a number of API functions for access to Nive services. API functions can be called as http request directly or by using the javascript library. Responses are returned in JSON. API functions include DataStorage, Useraccoutns, Website cms, and HTML application.
Student information access service Education education, ROSI, the University of Toronto&#039;s Repository of Student Information, stores student information where it can be accessed by the university&#039;s students and staff. Developers can extract information from ROSI in a secure manner using the EASI web services. These services can be accessed via SOAP calls. Code samples are available for PHP, Python, .NET, Java, and Perl.
Travel guidebook content services Travel deadpool,travel, LonelyPlanet, a leading travel publisher, offers an API to integrate guidebook information into web applications, widgets, and mobile phone interfaces.  The 500 LonelyPlanet titles cover most of the world&#039;s travel destinations.  The API includes PHP and mobile examples, and is currently in closed beta.
Application backend service Backend baas,backend,development,hosting, BackBeam is a full-stack backend platform for web and mobile developers. Backbeam provides hosted databases, push notifications, a real-time API, personalized emails, statistics, security, user authentication, and more. The backbeam REST API supports JSON and JSONP and uses a custom authorization system similar to OAuth. API keys are required.
User provisioning for Google Apps Enterprise email,enterprise, From their site: The Provisioning API provides a mechanism to programmatically create and manage Google Apps user accounts, nicknames, and email lists. Using this API you can minimize disruption to your organizations current processes by synchronizing user data between Google Apps and your existing user management system. This API is only available in Google Apps Premier and Education Editions.
Online payments Payment finance,invoicing,payment,shopping,webhooks, PayPal offers online payment solutions and has more than 153 million customers worldwide. The PayPal API makes powerful functionality available to developers by exposing various features of the PayPal platform. Functionality includes but is not limited to invoice management, transaction processing and account management.
Internet radio database service Reference audio,radio,reference, SHOUTcast maintains a directory of over 32,000 online radio stations. The SHOUTcast Radio API empowers developers to integrate the SHOUTcast Radio Directory into websites, applications or Internet Audio Devices. Search by popularity, keyword, genre, bitrate or what is playing now. 
Online billing platform Payment billing,payment, SegPay is a billing platform for handling credit cards, checks, and European direct debit authorizations. The platform comes with marketing tools, sales reporting, automated password management, and an online web interface. It can provide payment portals in multiple languages and accept a variety of currencies. Many of SegPay&#039;s functions are accessible programmatically via SOAP calls.
Sensor-based engagement and analytics platform  Retail analytics,customer,engagement,retail,sensors,shopping, Estimote is a sensor-based platform. Estimote can be used with physical spaces and objects for sensor-based engagement, interaction, and analytics. Estimote can be used by retailers and other businesses to engage and interact with their customers.  The Estimote API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Estimote with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact contact@estimote.com for more information. 
.NET daily fact widget Internet DotNet,internet,programming,Random, This SOAP-based API allows the user to place a widget on their website that returns a fact of the day reflecting all aspects of the .NET platform.
Search services Search deadpool,search, Yahoo! Web Search Web Services give users the ability to integrate Yahoo! Search technologies into other sites, applications, and environments. The Web Search Web Services will query Yahoo! systems without making the user leave your website or interface and incorporate the results in your applications.  Four search types within this service. Context Search: The Contextual Web Search service (discontinued on August 31, 2009) returns web pages matching a context-based query, helping you make your searches more powerful. Related Suggestion: The Related Suggestion service returns suggested queries to extend the power of a submitted query, providing variations on a theme to help you dig deeper. Spelling Suggestion: The Spelling Suggestion service returns suggested spelling for a given term. Web Search: The Web Search service allows you to search the Internet for web pages by submitting queries via REST. All services use RESTful architecture and responses can be formatted in either XML, JSON or PHP.
Korean geocoding service Mapping deadpool,geocoding,korea,mapping, From their site: Geocoding and Reverse Geocoding Open API (for Korea). The Geocoding Web Service allows you to find the specific latitude and longitude for a Korean address. The Reverse Geocoding Web Service allows you to find the Korea address a given latitude and longitude pair.
Startup financing community Social directory,Investing,startup, AngelList is a community of startups and investors with the goal of making fund raising efficient. Angel investors are listed along with contact information which startups can use to set up introductions. The AngelList API provides developers with a RESTful interface to the AngelList data set. Data includes followers, reviews, startups and more. Responses are formatted in JSON and JSONP.
Simple online mapping service Mapping display,mapping, This API is the open version of MapQuest&#039;s Static Map API. It is based on OpenStreetMap data and can be used to customize and create a map image through a simple HTTP request. Maps can be centered on a point, a bounding box, and even allowing the service to best-fit all features shown on the map. Options include map, hyb and sat.
Standardized open data resource Reference collaboration,Data, Karmadata is a collaborative information service and platform. The platform retrieves and processes data from private and public sources. The karmadata API provides developers access to standardized linked data sets for specific industries including Energy, Healthcare, Legal, Technology and Socioeconomics. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Application error notification service Tools cloud,internet,tools, Hoptoad collects errors generated by other applications, and aggregates the results for developer review. The Hoptoad API allows users to access lists of errors via RESTful calls. Calls are provided for the most recent errors as well as specific errors. The API returns calls in XML format.
Sequence diagram creation service Tools tools,visualization, WebSequenceDiagrams is a subscription-based sequence diagram creation service. The completed diagrams can be downloaded as PDF or SVG files and intelligently split across pages for easy printing. WebSequenceDiagrams provides advanced features such as extended text descriptions, stats, and parallel items. WebSequenceDiagrams can be integrated with other services using RESTful calls in JSON format.
Music content service Music entertainment,music, Nokia&#039;s Music APIs are a collection of web service and Windows Phone APIs that allow developers to offer elements from Nokia&#039;s Music service within other application.  Some example API methods include searching for music, retrieving music, managing accounts, retrieving music product details, and searching by various music metadata.
United Nations information service Government demographics,government,international,reference,unofficial, The UN Data API project is an unofficial API version of the great data made available by the United Nations on the UNDATA site. The aim is to make this data accessible and reusable in a variety or ways so it can be easily mashed up and recombined into new applications or analysis. The service uses a straightforward REST API hosted on Google&#039;s Java AppEngine and makes UNDATA sets easily queryable from any application. Currently we have 62 datasets from the World Health organization on line and we will add more over time. The service is free to use and publicly accessible ??? you just need to sign up for an account to generate access keys. Standard accounts have some limits on usage but if you need more just contact us and we will arrange a higher limit.
MTVN Content API Video music,video, Use the MTVN Content API to access the MTV Networks music video catalog. Develop your own video apps based on MTV, VH1, CMT and Logo content using this REST API. The API lets you search artists and videos along with the associated metadata.
Growl development for iPhone messaging Utility iPhone,mobile,push, Prowl is a Growl client for the iPhone OS. Notifications from Mac or Windows are sent to users&#039; iPhone or iPod touch. The Prowl API allows users to integrate scripts with the app.
Music metadata database Music album,artist,editorial,metadata,music, Music Story is a music metadata supplier known for its quality editorial production and deep metadata database. The Music Story API provides developer access to the metadata database. The API exposes more than 15 categories of metadata, including basic data, editorial data, and tracking data, such as ISRC, ISWC, IPI. The API authenticates with OAuth 1.0 and returns XML or JSON formatted responses.
Political Speaker Transcript and Statement Database News deadpool,news,politics, The Washington Post Issue Engine API stores transcripts and statements from political speakers, organized by issue and accompanied by fact checks from the Washington Post. Statements must come with a speaker, a date, text and a URL to the source transcript and Web site. If the statement meets the criteria, The Washington Post&#039;s Trove content analysis service will assign it an issue or multiple issues. Developers access the statements by providing fields for all the criteria a statement must have. The API is RESTful with JSON responses.
Whois domain registration lookup service Internet domain,internet,reference,whois, Whomsy is a free whois lookup service. This means that users can search for who owns a given domain, when it was registered, etc. It will also tell users if the domain is unregistered so that they can register it themselves. Developers can access Whomsy&#039;s functions programmatically via REST API.
Solar energy information service Weather energy,environment,solar,weather, The service provides accumulated data about solar energy potential and weather relevant to solar energy production for specified locations. It helps to estimate the effectiveness of solar power installations, including photovoltaic (PV) technologies. A PVSimulator function provides analysis of aggregated data to project likely behavior of a PV system installed at a specified location. Data provide hourly readings recorded by weather satellites.  API methods support submission of a location specified as latitude and longitude to retrieve measures of solar irradiance, measured as direct normal irradiance (DNI), global horizontal irradiance (GHI), and diffuse horizontal irradiance (DIF). Related data provide measures of weather conditions such as cloud cover, precipitation, and temperature that can also affect solar power production. 
Sports gambling service Sports betting,gambling,odds,sports,trading, eOddsmaker helps bettors to find the best betting odds on their bets by processing and comparing odds from the most popular bookmakers. eOddsmaker also provides users with the tools that help punters bet with data from Sure Bets or Value Bets. eOddsmaker provides sport betting odds compilation and analysis services using the Oddsmaker engine, which simulates the probabilistic model of a sport event, assess probabilities and turn them into the betting odds. The engine supports offline and real-time (live odds) betting odds generation and analysis. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Musicians&#039; social network Social collaboration,music,social, Indaba Music is a network for musicians. It is a network that enables collaboration and discussion for musicians at any point of their career. Artists can post their own material for comments and advice, or listen to and provide feedback for others. Their API exposes Indabaa??s functions for posting content and initiating meetings, recording sessions, and more. It is a RESTful API that returns XML, JSON, and PLIST-formatted data. 
Mobile video sharing Video mobile,video, The Qik Platform Application Programming Interface enables anyone to integrate or build web, desktop, phone applications to take advantage of Qik&#039;s mobile video sharing platform. 
Indian pincode search engine Reference address,india,postcode,reference, GetPincode is a search engine that lets users find pincodes for postal address in India. Users can enter a place such as state name, city name etc. and the search engine will return the pincode of any India postal address. GetPincode also allows users to edit pincode information that is incorrect and cite the source of the correct information. The search engine can also list all of the addresses that fall within a given pincode for address verification purposes. The GetPincode API allows developers to access pincode (postal code) data for Indian addresses. It uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Online gaming community Games deadpool,facebook,games,social, Gameyola is a website centered on building a community around online games. Gameyola???s API helps increase gameplays by transforming single player Flash games into social gaming experiences on Facebook and other social networks. The Gameyola API also allows developers to monetize their games via virtual goods. Full API documentation is available upon registration.
Online storage Storage cloud,storage, The Put.io API offers a storage service that fetches media files and lets you stream them immediately. It features a library in Python via the JSON protocol.
Enterprise live chat service Enterprise chat,enterprise,helpdesk,leads, Live2Support provides a Live Chat service to online businesses that allows them to communicate with site visitors and customers one-on-one. It also lets them track which pages visitors are using on the website and where visitors are coming from. Users can customize where and when chat invitations occur, block IP addresses, maintain an extensive visitor information system, maintain a complete chat history, and more. The Live2Support API is used for 3rd-party integrations and is only available to Gold-level customers.
Bug and issue tracking Project Management database,enterprise,project-management, From their site: Provides developers with a very simple medium for creating new Unfuddle-based applications or integrating Unfuddle with their existing development workflow. It offers direct access to practically all the features of your Unfuddle account. Unfuddle is a secure, hosted software development environment and project management solution for small software development teams.
Interactive 3D human body tool Science 3d,education,Human,learning,science, BioDigital Human is an interactive 3D tool for learning about and teaching the human body. BioDigital Human provides information about the human body and anatomy in a 3D, interactive way with visuals, health information, and personalization tools.  The BioDigital Human API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of BioDigital Human with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: https://developer.biodigitalhuman.com/developer-signin.html?mode=signup.
Cloud file hosting Storage cloud,storage, Rackspace Cloud Files is an online file and media storage service. Cloud Files provides private or public file &quot;containers&quot; and media files are served via integration with the Akamai Content Delivery Network.  The Cloud Files API allows developers to upload files programmatically, enable Cloud Files CDN integration on any container for public distribution, create Containers programmatically, retrieve lists of containers and files, and more. The API uses the RESTful protocol and returns responses in XML and JSON.
Wine shipping information service Shipping ecommerce,shipping,shopping,wine, The service enables collaboration between online sellers of wine and wineries to allow fulfillment of orders compliant with government regulations on selling and shipping wine. It checks for legal compliance at the time a transaction is booked, ensuring documentation of the selling licensee, proper acceptance or rejection of the offer, processing of payment, and disbursement of proceeds.  API methods support submission of an offer to purchase and compliance checks against state and federal law, based on the specific customer, seller, and shipper.
Global interest rates and government bond yields Financial enterprise,finance,money, From their site: This web service provides current and historical benchmark interest rates in the US, Europe, Canada and Asia. XigniteRates include Fed Funds, US & Canada Treasury rates, LIBOR, EURIBOR & other interbank rates, OTC swap rates, US mortgage rates and more.
Push notification service Messaging marketing,messaging,notifications, TwinPush is a delivery and segment analysis platform for push notifications. Twin Push helps you manage and analyze mobile campaigns through proximity notifications, audience targeting, and by letting you know how may times messages have been read.    TwinPush offers developers a REST API for the integration of TwinPush services into any application. API resources include apps, notifications, and devices. Authentication is provided via SSL and an API token.  
Your Complete Brewery and Beer API Reference beer,brewery,opendata,reference, BreweryDB is a fully moderated, open library of breweries and beers from all around the world.  The library is updated by our users.  For breweries, we keep track of information such as location, website, phone numbers, descriptions, logos, etc.  For beers, we keep track of style, coloring, bitterness, availability, labels and more.  Dona??t see your favorite beer or brewery in BreweryDB?  You can add it via our API or http://www.brewerydb.com.
Music streaming service for any platform Music music,streaming, The Ubuntu One Music API allows users to stream their music on any platform capable of playing music. Users are able to search their music collection using a variety of parameters as well as create, edit, delete, and play their playlists. The Ubuntu One Music API operates over REST calls in XML format.
Software application recommendations Recommendations directory,recommendations,software, The API allows users to integrate the features of the AlternativeTo site into applications. AlternativeTo provides user recommendations for alternative applications for mobile phones and computer software. Using the API, users can access features such as getting an application and its alternatives, finding recently listed applications and listing recently liked applications. The API uses RESTful protocol and returns data formatted in JSON.
Online music service Music music,social, Maestro.fm enables users to access and manage their entire music library on-demand from any connected device (laptop, phone, etc.) by using a web-based utility via a hybrid client application and cloud-based solution. Combined with an interactive experience at Maestro.fm, Maestro has a social component, enhancing the personal experience, connecting users within the network,and driving social discovery.   Maestro.fm&#039;s API enables programmers to build applications that interact with Maestro&#039;s core system. With this API, developers are able to perform a variety of tasks with Maestro, such as show and play a user&#039;s library and playlist, browse and manage user favorites, and see what a user is currently playing.
Video game database Games database,games,image,reviews,video, Open Game Database is a gamer community that allows users to find, add, and edit information about video games. The database covers the major gaming platforms such as Xbox 360 and Playstation, as well as the Android and iOS mobile platforms. Users can add metadata, screen shots and videos as well as contribute user reviews and ratings.   The Open Game API allows you to download details about thousands of games in the Open Game database. Acquire game assets such as box art, screenshots, and gameplay videos. API calls use REST and access is grated via API key. 
Cyber threat intelligence platform Security government,intelligence,security, Threat Stream is a SaaS Cyber Threat Intelligence Platform designed for enterprise and government security operations. Threat Stream delivers a real-time stream of actionable intelligence. The Threat Stream API delivers developer access to that stream, either as a limited free offering, or as part of the Enterprise and Government products. 
Product sharing and referral service Shopping referral,shopping,social, ShareMojo allows users to share products and offers that they like by using a ShareMojo share button or referral link. If someone buys a product by clicking a user&#039;s referral link or share button, then the user will earn money for the purchase. The share button can be installed on a webpage using either JavaScript or PHP.
Photo conversion service Utility graphics,image,photo,utility, The service renders uploaded photos as line drawings with simplified, stylized contours. Users can specify the levels of detail and extent of processing during conversion to control the appearance of the output.  API methods support upload of a photo along with parameters for control of the conversion process. Methods also track the original and converted images and allow reprocessing for additional modification.
Random quote service Entertainment entertainment,quotes,Random, Tarya Technologies is a UK-based web development and programming company. On their website, they provide a handful of simple SOAP APIs that, as of this writing, are free to use. One of these is the RandomQuotes API, which allows developers to retrieve random quotes. The authors and subject matter of these quotes are unspecified.
Find similar websites to a given URL. null bookmarks,internet,search, Find similar websites to a given URL.
Address validation service Mapping address,mapping, SmartyStreets is a service for verifying and standardizing postal addresses. SmartyStreets can be used to get address completion suggestions, perform bulk address verifications for an Excel or list file, standardize addresses in a database, etc. SmartyStreets provides the LiveAddress API, which allows developers to integrate address validation services into their site or app.
Shopping Cart Service Shopping shopping, FoxyCart is a customizable shopping cart/checkout application with many features that is designed to seamlessly be integrated into an existing store. FoxyCart is free to use in development and is $19.99/mo for live stores. The FoxyCart API is a RESTful API that can be used to fetch and add/update XML records of Customers, Customer Addresses, Transactions, and Subscriptions. 
Migrate existing email systems to Google Apps Email email,enterprise, From their site: The Google Apps Email Migration API allows administrators and users of Google Apps to migrate mail from legacy email systems into their domains hosted Gmail accounts. Note: This API is only available to Google Apps Premier, Education, and Partner Edition domains, and cannot be used for migration into Google Apps Standard Edition email or Gmail accounts.
Wifi positioning services Other location,mapping,wifi, From their site: The Skyhook Wi-Fi Positioning System APIs let you quickly location-enable your application, service or device and reach an addressable market of over 100 million Wi-Fi enabled laptops, devices and PDAs. Using open standards and a simple web services format, it can generally be implemented in less than a day, making WPS a simple and easy to use location positioning technology.
Video embed code retrieval service Video embed,video, Vimeo is a website that allows users to view other peoples&#039; videos and upload their own for others to see. No advertisements are added before, during, or after users&#039; videos, and basic accounts are free.  The Vimeo oEmbed API allows users to retrieve the embed code for any Vimeo video. It uses the oEmbed open standard, which is designed specifically for embedding videos and images into websites. Developers can use the API to get the embed code of any video for which they have the URL. Developers may use the Vimeo oEmbed API without registering their applications.
Global transactions and financial logistics Shipping commerce,deadpool,financial,logistics,shipping, FiftyOne is global commerce solutions provider. Their services include technology and service platforms for international retail. FiftyOnea??s products are intended for U.S. based retailer. Their solutions include features for international customer experience, logistics, finance and risk, and customer care. Customers can view parcel tracking, receipts, and more, on their terms. The FiftyOne API exposes the parcel tracking functionality for integration with businessesa?? logistics. 
Monetize your photo-centric applications with retail printing services Photos photo,print,printing,revenue, The PNI Photo Services API allows developers to monetize their photo-centric applications by providing an integrated &quot;Print To Retail&quot; experience.  The API allows applications to create digital print orders at a variety of major retailer&#039;s online photo services and deliver them to the chosen location for pick-up and payment in-store once the order has been printed.    The API is an easy to use Rest API allowing developers to not only place orders from their applications but also provides access to a user&#039;s existing photo services account with the selected retailer allowing for direct interaction with their existing image collections.  No credit cards or online payment is required, the payment is made in-store at the time of picking up the print order.  The API allows the developer to programatically access the participating retailer&#039;s product catalogs, retail pick-up location information and place orders with the selected retailer quickly and easily.  The PNI Developer Program is free to join and pays a standard commission of 12% on all orders that are claimed by the customer at the retailer&#039;s location.  The PNI Developer Portal allows developers to create any number of applications in the developer dashboard and get started right away building in our sandbox environment.  The Developer Portal provides a wealth of support information including online documentation, support Q&A tools with a suite of SDKs, sample apps and language specific tutorials coming soon.
Music events and ticketing service Events events,music, Ticketfly is the fastest-growing, independent ticketing and social marketing platform. Ticketfly???s API is available for commercial or non-commercial use to approved sites. It offers event promoters, venues, ticketing and powerful website, and social marketing tools.
U.S. political contributions database Government finance,government,politics, The Sunlight Foundation is a non-partisan, non-profit group that uses technology to make the U.S. government more transparent and accountable.  Influence Explorer provides site visitors with extensive and detailed information on campaign contributions, lobbying reports, grants, and more. This data is available raw or in the form of charts, graphs, and Top 10 lists. The Influence Explorer API allows users to retrieve this information programmatically using REST calls.
Streaming video service Video live,video, API for implementing live streaming features. With Floobs API 3rd party software developers can get information on floobs users, channels and videos. They can also create content on their own app by uploading videos and live streaming.
Educational content service Education education,Math, The service adds functions to generate an present questionnaires and mathematical notation within a learning management system (LMS). It allows creation of quiz questions with random variables and automatic evaluation of answers. It can provide 2D and 3D graphical representations of mathematical relationships. A formula editor allows creation of questions and submission of answers.   API methods support submission of questions and composition of quizzes composed of previously defined questions. Methods also support automated assessment of student answers, based on configuration defined when questions are created.
Daycare directory Social daycare,directory,parenting,social, DaycareSocial is a resource for parents to interact with other parents, learn about current baby-related trends, exchange ideas, track and share their baby&#039;s progress, and more. DaycareSocial also provides a directory listing of daycare services, nannies, and babysitters. Access to this directory is also available via an API.
ScreenTunes helps you find out which movie you might have heard a particular song in. Or, if you heard a song in a movie recently but don&#039;t know the name, you can find that, too. Also uses data from the IMDB, and links with the iTunes store. null lyrics,movies,music,shopping,video, ScreenTunes helps you find out which movie you might have heard a particular song in. Or, if you heard a song in a movie recently but don&#039;t know the name, you can find that, too. Also uses data from the IMDB, and links with the iTunes store.
Web hosting and online storage service Storage cloud,hosting,storage, The service provides web and application hosting environments with capabilities to integrate functions for configuration, performance management, and reporting with other applications. The web service exposes functions used in the provider&#039;s own Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) interface. Developers can access a code library for functional elements to be incorporated into their own integration projects.  API methods support performance monitoring of data center resources and the overall hosting environment, with functions for updating configuration settings and other variables to improve performance. Reporting functions support pre-defined dashboard monitors and ad hoc analysis of system data.
Social application-based advertising network Advertising advertising,social,video, socialVideobytes looks to address the need to integrate video across a highly viral and very visible social application-based advertising network. socialVideobytes has  social video distribution with over 100+ million unique users per month.   Implementing the socialVideobytes offering lets App Developers cut and paste code into their Apps and, once approved, socialVideobytes immediately begins serving-up relevant video offers. These offers let users watch and share relevant video clips, recommend favorite products to friends, incentivize gamers to move the next level and more. Note: there is no public documentation for the API.
Online flowcharting and diagramming service Other business,charts,diagrams,office, Cacoo is a user friendly online drawing tool that allows you to create a variety of diagrams such as site maps, wire frames, UML and network charts. 
Blog geo-coding Blog Search blog,deadpool,location, NOTE: As of 6/27/2008 it appears that this api is no longer available
Sports news and information service Sports aggregator,deadpool,news,schedule,scores,sports, The FanFeedr API is a flexible content platform that allows developers to customize news, photos, video, scores, tweets, and other information for athletes, teams, leagues, and events.  Our platform provides aggregated sports news and data for 55,000 athletes and 4,000 teams from over 8,000 sources.    Our API can be queried by entity, content type, keyword, time period, &#039;hotness&#039;, and geolocation to create engaging user experiences and applications.  While basic API access is free, paid services are also available for developers who require higher rate limits, access to the original URL&#039;s of news items, or email and phone support.
Help desk service Internet helpdesk,interent,saas,sbweb,webhooks, Zendesk is a professional-grade help desk system. It has been designed using ITIL best practices and is in every possible way geared towards providing support and service. The Zendesk REST API allows developers to hook into Zendesk and connect it to third-party applications. Whether you&#039;re writing a plugin for an application or planning on hooking some internal application into Zendesk, the API can do it for you.
SMS messaging service Messaging belgium,Global,messaging,sms,telephony, SMS Action allows users to automatically send and receive SMS messages from their website or internet application. The API uses both XML and SOAP protocols and responses are in XML. The site is in French. PDF documentation available.
Free tool to measure the power and authority of a Twitter user. null charts,graphs,metrics,social, Free tool to measure the power and authority of a Twitter user.
Dictionary lookup service Reference Dictionary,reference, The Aonaware Dictionary API provides access to dictionary definitions pulled from multiple databases. This API accesses the resources of dict.org to generate results. It uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Pedestrian, public transit, and vehicle routing Mapping mapping,route,transit,walking, HERE is a map provider whose maps can be found in car navigation systems, smartphones, and on the web. HERE offers developer access to a variety of map data and functionality through a series of REST APIs. The HERE Routing API provides developer access to vehicle, pedestrian, and public transit routing based on intelligent routing algorithms and embedded map attributes. The API delivers precise instructions, estimated time of arrival, and/or optimized routes. 
Website thumbnails for mobile devices Internet internet,screenshot,thumbnail,website, Page2Images is a website thumbnail creater optimized for mobile devices. Page2Images exposes its service through a REST API. The API allows websites and applications to generate thumbnails of a given URL. The API is able to specify image size, device, screen size, and more.
Global Text Messaging Service Messaging messaging,MMS,mobile,sms,text, InnovativeTxt is a global text messaging service that provides a bulk messaging service for advertisers. InnovativeTxt offers a cloud-based SMS API, that works with Bulk SMS as a marketing communication channel. The API uses REST calls and allows users to send and receive high volume of messages with a high deliverability rate.  The API opens to platform for developers to build text messaging applications that can Send and Receive messages with virtual mobile number, long code and short code.
Wiki-like service to collect and share setlists Music music,setlist, The setlist.fm API has been designed to give you easy access to setlist data in order to build fancy websites and other applications. 
Twitter reputation service Social reputation,social,Twitter, PeerReach is an online tool that helps users discover the right people to engage in conversations with by topics. PeerReach also analyzes user followers and network for the most influential people in their networks on various topics.  The PeerReach API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PeerReach with other applications. The main API method is looking up and retrieving users. 
Cloud connection authorization and management service Internet authentication,cloud,internet, eOptin is an end-to-end platform that authorizes secure connections between the cloud and any kind of electronic device or appliance. It also enables users to manage those connections securely from anywhere in the world. Users can connect with eOptin&#039;s authorization services from within their own application or device via the eOptin Authorize Connect API.
Movie and TV show recommendation service Entertainment entertainment,movies,netflix,recommendations,social,television, Inveni is a movie and TV show recommendation service. Inveni uses both an algorithm and recommendations from user&#039;s friends to recommend new movies and TV shows based on a user&#039;s taste profile. Inveni also integrates with Netflix.  Inveni has an API that is available to business partners, but public documentation and information is not available. Those interested should email bizdev@inveni.com to learn more.
Email marketing service Email email,marketing,sbweb, Sendloop is an email marketing and list management service designed for small businesses. Key features include integration with major services and platforms, analysis and reporting, and a full featured API for developers.  The Sendloop API makes integration of Sendloop with third party applications and websites possible. With the help of Sendloop API, you can get your data from Sendloop without visiting the Sendloop user interface. You can gather your data from Sendloop API, populate and use it in your own systems. There are endless possibilities about things you can do with the Sendloop API. You can develop a desktop application, mobile application, websites, etc.  
Proximity and location search service Tools gis,location,mapping,search,tools, ProxAPI is a service and API that allows users to search, find matches, and receive automated real-time notifications for anything they choose within their proximity.  The ProxAPI allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ProxAPI with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up to receive more information: http://www.proxapi.com/ContactUs.aspx.
US Congress historical data Government government,news,reference, With the New York Times Congress API, you can get summaries of roll-call votes in the U.S. Congress; get lists of members of Congress; and get vote data, biographical information and role data for individual House and Senate members. For an overview and background.
SMS and voice mail service Messaging messaging,sms,telephony,Voice, SMSBOX provides an international, web-based SMS distribution platform with 852 operators in 212 countries. Users can create single or bulk messages using SMSBOX tools and send SMS via email client, mobile device, or even toolbar. Users can also rent a dedicated phone number to receive SMS, and they can send voice messages in the form of vocalized text, an uploaded audio file, or a recorded voice. The SMSBOX API can be integrated with other applications to enable them to send SMS.
Local shopping service Shopping local,shopping, Milo is a web site for local shopping. Its service consists of searching local store shelves in real-time to find the best prices and availability for products. Milo shows users what&#039;s in-stock where and how much it costs at that moment. The site also offers detailed product information and user reviews. The API offers partners access to all of Milo&#039;s product and real-time inventory information, as well as sources of monetization. Currently, the API is reserved for private partners with traffic levels in the millions of monthly visitors. A public API is coming soon. Documentation is not publicly available.
Social learning platform  Education deadpool,education,learning,social,tools, OpenLearning is an educational platform for social learning. Users can sign up for any course they would like, for free. They can also sign up in groups and take courses socially. Educators can create their courses as well to share with the world at large. The OpenLearning API exposes the system of notifications about course usage and user activity. It is a RESTful API that returns JSON-encoded data. It can be used for integrating of OpenLearning into scripts.
News aggregation service News news,social, The Globedia API enables users to access the news generated by our users, with which you can include all the latest news on any topic of interest in your web projects.  All news are available in XML format, so you can easily integrate the news and adapt to your needs. And with our API news we give you the possibility to choose the news you want displayed, filtered by various features such as: news of a category, news of a user, etc. The API uses a RESTful interface and responses can be formatted in either XML or JSON.
Data sharing and visualization platform Database database,mapping,tools, Google Fusion Tables is a free service for sharing and visualizing data online. It lets you upload data, share and mark up your data with collaborators, merge data from multiple tables, and create visualizations such as charts and maps. The API lets you update and query your dataset in Fusion Tables programmatically. The API lets you import data from other data sources, whether a text file or a full database.
Online presence service Chat chat,presence, From their site: The Windows Live Presence API is an HTTP-based API that returns a Windows Live Messenger user&#039;s presence using JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) or an image. The Windows Live Presence API can be used in conjunction with the Windows Live Messenger IM Control. A Web site can show a user?s presence using the Windows Live Presence API and let visitors send messages to the user with the Windows Live Messenger IM Control.
Social networking and city exploration Social location,mapping,mobile,photo,search,social, foursquare makes the real world easier to use. We build tools that help you keep up with friends, discover whata??s nearby, save money and unlock deals. Whether youa??re setting off on a trip around the world, coordinating a night out with friends, or trying to pick out the best dish at your local restaurant, foursquare is the perfect companion.  The foursquare APIs grants access to the company&#039;s database of locations as well as information on venue check in&#039;s. The APIs are: The Core API, Real-time API, Merchant Platform, Venues Platform. The APIs are RESTful and support XML, JSON, JSONP.
Location and mapping service Mapping geocoding,gps,location,mapping, Navionics is a location, GPS, and mapping service. Navionics provides maps, locations, and geocodes for numerous areas and in a variety of conditions (marine, skiing, etc.).  The Navionics API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Navionics with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up for API access here: http://www.navionics.com/en/webapi-download. 
Travel booking service Travel booking,travel, The Travelport Universal API hopes to provide a single interface through which travel applications can access booking data and more. The API gives users access to direct connections to high speed rail providers, low cost carriers worldwide and multi-GDS content. With the API developers modify and cancel booking data directly. It uses SOAP and HTTP protocols and responses are formatted in XML.
Ancient mapping database Mapping geography,history,mapping,research, The Ancient World Mapping Center is an interdisciplinary research center located at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The Center promotes cartography, historical geography, and geographic information science within the field of ancient studies through research, teaching, and community outreach activities.  The AWMC API allows users to browse, access, and interact with the AWMC database. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in GeoJSON and RDF.
Embedding service for computer terminal recordings Internet code,internet,programming, Codestre.am allows people to stream or record actions taken on their terminals. This allows them to create and share tutorials, collaborate on coding, or show errors that they&#039;re running into. Such recordings are also known as &quot;codestreams&quot;. The Codestre.am Embed JavaScript API allows users to embed codestreams on their webpage or blog.
Drug Price Comparison Service Shopping comparison,drugs,shopping, GoodRX.com provides price comparisons of prescription drugs, sourcing data from 70,000 pharmacies. The site offers both a Low Price API and a Price Comparison API. The GoodRX APIs uses HTTP calls to provide clients with the ability to get the latest pricing data on over 6,000 prescription medications. The service requires an API Key.
Development platform for IM robots Chat chat,robots, The BotPlatform API is a RESTful service for service provider to manage resources. With the API, users can add, retrieve,modify and delete resources from within their code. These resources may have previously been uploaded on the BotPlatform website. BotPlatform is the exclusive certified platform of Windows Live Messenger (MSN) robots, with more than 70,000 individual developers all over the world. BotPlatform is an instant messenger bot builder and interactive promotion application for online marketing.
Video search service Media Search media,search,television,video, The service provides search results from collections of media assets, mainly videos. Results can provide specific videos or collections of videos established with the service that match query parameters. Information provided for each video includes title, descriptions, keywords, thumbnail image links, and more.  API methods support submitting a query to the system specifying a query and potentially target fields to match against. Search can also specify a category to retrieve a list of available categories created in the system rather than specific video assets. Returned data include an asset&#039;s unique ID value, title, description, keywords, thumbnail link, upload date, duration, and popularity data like ratings and shares.
Anti-Scraping Service Security commerce,enterprise,merchant,retail,shopping, Lokad is a Big-Data solutions provider. It utilizes servers and cloud computing capabilities to manager and interpret large data sets on behalf of its users, with an emphasis on forecasting and optimization. The BotDefender service, provided by Lokad, is an anti-screen scraping service that prevents the competition from automatically collecting your pricing information for use in competitive models and comparisons. The BotDefender API uses REST script in place of the standard price, to replace the scrape-able price with the unscrape-able one. An account is required with service.   Protect an online store from the automated retrieval of its prices by robots.
Wireless network mapping Search geolocation,mapping,mobile,wifi, Wigle is an online database of wireless access points. Wigle maps them for visualization of wireless coverage.
Social media stream management service Social rss,social,Twitter, Cadmus is a real-time service that manages your stream (Twitter, FriendFeed and RSS) by displaying the most relevant content since the last time you checked in. It helps you get caught up on what you have missed. You can access Cadmus simply by signing in using your Twitter account or by using the API that allows you to view your filtered stream anywhere.
Coupon Shopping Service Shopping coupons,deals,merchant,shopping, Groupdeal2U is a shopping service that collects and delivers deals for consumers and businesses.  Users are able to purchase vouchers/coupons for a 20% to 90% discount off goods and services. The Groupdeal2U API allows users to integrate daily deals into third party applications. An API key is required for use along with following branding requirements. 
Social metrics service Internet facebook,metrics,reputation,sentiment,social,Twitter, Klout allows you to track the impact of your opinions, links and recommendations across your social graph, including Twitter, Facebook, Google Plus and other networks. Klout collects data about the content you create, how people interact with that content and the size and composition of your network. From there, it analyzes the data to find indicators of influence and then provide you with innovative tools to interact with and interpret the data.  The Klout API can be searched by identity and returns a score between 1 and 100 that represents Klout&#039;s calculation of that user&#039;s influence.
Instructional video database Video education,instructional,video, Use 5min.com API to integrate 5min how-to, instructional and knowledge videos into sites, widgets, or applications. Use VideoSeed API to semantically attach videos to URL. Get info on users,videos and categories.
3D face recognition Tools 3d,face,generation,recognition,tools, Animetrics develops 3D face recognition applications and face identity management solutions. The Animetrics Face Recognition API can be used to detect human faces in pictures and match them against a set of known faces. The API can also add or remove a subject from a searchable gallery, and add or remove a face from a subject. Requests are made via HTTP GET/POST. Responses are JSON formatted. API Key required.
XML Weather feed Weather weather, The Weather Central DataCloud API lets you programmatically access Weather Centrala??s real-time updating weather datasets. This allows you to give your users mission critical weather information directly in your own web pages and applications via a REST API. The API returns value added data in both image-tile, and xml format.
SMS marketing service Messaging marketing,messaging,mobile,sms, Targlets SMS provides an online messaging platform that covers six continents. Users can create, manage, and monitor all of their SMS communications from the online dashboard interface. Developers can use the Targlets SMS REST API to add SMS capabilities to their applications or schedule marketing campaigns.
Prediction Markets Service  Financial financial,prediction,trading, InTrade is a prediction market that allows users to buy or sell shares in future events. The service creates a market for events ranging from closing prices on exchanges, to the outcomes of elections. The InTrade API has a data retrieval side and a Trading side. With the former the user can check present and historic market data on events. With the latter, the user can check individual data, enter orders, check account balances, and other trading related functions. The API uses REST calls and returns XML data with no wrappers. 
Consolidated local coupons and deals service Shopping coupons,deals,discounts,local,shopping, The City Rewards Network combines deals and coupons from Groupon, Coupons.com, Yelp, and Living Social on their website. In addition, the company has over 1000 exclusive merchants running over 3000 daily deals. By using the City Rewards Network API, users gain programmatic access to all local deals as well as exclusive e-commerce deals, all consolidated in one service.
Art market information service Database art,database,reference, ArtFacts provides a database of useful facts about the art world along with special analysis tools to help users understand the art market. It provides data on artists, exhibits, exhibitors, works of art, and catalogs. There are also charts and graphs covering auction results, types of shows, exhibition histories, artists&#039; international scope, and more.  The ArtFacts API is still in Beta. It can retrieve ArtFacts&#039; top ranked artists, get the site&#039;s list of &quot;Up and Coming&quot; artists, search for a specific artist, or get all details on a specific artist.
Job and recruiting service Job Search jobs,recruiting, CareerBuilder API allows you to integrate their database of over 1.5 million jobs with your software or website. The API provides methods for basic job searching, retrieving data for a specific job, and applying to a job. These services are free to use and available to anyone. 
Fan loyalty and reward service Advertising advertising,loyalty,marketing,rewards,sports, Enthuse is a fan loyalty service where brands, teams, and companies can reward their fans with prizes and offer promotions to their fans.  The Enthuse API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Enthuse with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact info@enthuse.com for more information. 
Country mapping and geolocation service Other address,geolocation,internet,uk, Data8&#039;s Country Detection service quickly identifies a country from an address (and optionally email and telephone number). The API allows you to get a correctly formatted country name without forcing customers to select a country from a list. 
Free text travel search query service Travel search,travel, Eva is a system designed to comprehend free text travel queries. Eva supports formal language queries as well as queries written in search language. Eva converts those requests into a structured search query with various parameters which can be programmatically used in a database search. The Eva Web API provides a direct way to access the Eva Engine via an HTTP request. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
File Sharing Service Storage file-sharing,sharing,storage,upload, PirateUpload is a file hosting service that allows users to upload and download files to and from the PirateUpload community. The PirateUpload API enables users to get file information, and upload files. An API key is required to use the API. 
Real estate listings and search provider Real Estate leads,marketing,realestate,search,website, Displet provides website design services for real estate marketers. They also provide a robust RETS / IDX system. This allows users display thousands of MLS listings and draw people searching for property addresses and MLS numbers to their website. Users have the option of customizing each listing&#039;s title and meta description.  Displet users can make registration requests appear to site visitors at various points in the search process. Registered visitors are able to save searches, favorite listings, and view their browsing history. Displet comes with a property suggestion tool that sends visitors new properties based on their search history.  The Displet REST API allows users to integrate the RETS / IDX system into their websites.
Enterprise social network mining Social deadpool,enterprise,social, Use the Spigit API to quantify social network exchanges, improve innovation, extract ideas from employees, and see who major contributors to the enterprise&#039;s social sites are. Spigit&#039;s core products, InnovationSpigit and IdeaSpigit, are used by Fortune 500 companies to aid both internal and external innovation and idea management initiatives. No public docs, so fill out their API form to obtain the docs: www.spigit.com/documents/api.html.
Florida motor vehicle testing outsourcing service Government deadpool,florida,government,safety,transportation, The service from the Florida Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles Department allows third-party providers to offer driver license exams. It allows interaction with the department by providers of proctored (in-person) and online testing for knowledge of road rules and traffic signs. The department anticipates working with private administrators of driving exams, as well.  API methods support generating an exam with questions from the department&#039;s database and uploading the student&#039;s answers. Methods then score the exam and return results for the student. 
Mobile advertising service Advertising advertising,application,mobile, Adfonic is an advertising marketplace for mobile advertising. Adfonic&#039;s services allow mobile application developers and publishers to generate revenue through advertising in their applications.  The Adfonic API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Adfonic with their applications. Some example API methods include managing ads, accessing user data and information, and managing templates.
Greek mobile SMS service Messaging Global,greece,messaging,sms,telephony, smsways is a Greek SMS provider and the smsways SOAP and HTTP API provide programmatic access to smsways features and services. Developers can build custom applications, tools, and services that correspond to the same services and tools available through the main smsways website.
Video conferencing and collaboration service Video collaboration,conference,enterprise,video, TenHands is a video conferencing and collaboration service. TenHands can be integrated with collaboration applications such as Google, DropBox, Box, and LogMeIn.  The TenHands API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of TenHands with other applications. Some example API methods include managing users, managing and listing groups, and creating groups and conferences. 
Disabled persons&#039; employment organization login service Internet charity,deadpool,internet,login,nonprofit, Friendship Industries is an organization that creates and maintains employment and training opportunities for persons with disabilities in integrated work environments. The Friendship Industries website has a login service that can be accessed via API. This API uses SOAP calls issued in XML format.
VoIP provider in Australia Telephony Australia,telephony,Voice,VoIP, PennyTel provides VoIP services in Australia. Services provided include ANI, SMS & Web Callback Options, Fax To Email, Mobile Broadband, Mobile VoIP, Shared Access Numbers, SmartDial, SMS, Visual Voicemail, Web-Based Soft Phone Application.   The PennyTel API lets developers integrate the PennyTel functionality into their web sites or applications. Users can access address books, send SMS, accounts. It uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
U.S. company financial statements Financial enterprise,finance,money, Obtain financial statements filed with the SEC, including income statements, balance sheets, cash flow statements, and financial ratios. Optionally obtain the information by industry or sector.
Fitness and nutrition article service Sports health,medical,sports, The service gives access to a library of articles on fitness and nutrition, including exercise options, sports, and diet. Articles, written by trainers and fitness authors, consist of informational and motivational text with links to publications and other online resources.  API methods support access to article text as random selections or by topical tag: Exercise, Fat Loss, Health, Injury, Motivation, Nutrition, Sports, Supplements. Methods also allow retrieval of topical tags applied to articles.
Mobile push notification service Messaging messaging,mobile,notifications,push, PushBots is a scalable, reliable push service for sending notifications out to application users, including those who use iOS or Android devices. It can be linked to an app&#039;s Twitter account to push Tweets as messages. Messages can be sent out to specific groups of users based on factors such as their location or their interests. The service also provides real-time analytics for tracking and evaluating messages and campaigns. PushBots&#039; functions are made accessible for integration via REST API.
PropertyWala.com is India&#039;s leading real estate portal. PropertyWala.com utilizes several APIs to give a better property search experience to its users. null classifieds,india,property,propertywala,realestate, PropertyWala.com is India&#039;s leading real estate portal. PropertyWala.com utilizes several APIs to give a better property search experience to its users.
Random phrase retrieval service Entertainment deadpool,entertainment,quotations,Random, The Fortune API displays a random phrase from a database of quotations, much like one would find in a fortune cookie. This simple API runs over SOAP.
Identity and reputation platform Tools deadpool,identity,information,pim,reputation,tools, Scaffold provides user verification services. Businesses can use the Scaffold service to confirm personal information such as email and home addresses, phone numbers, and home numbers. It does this as an API that accesses third party information sources. The API is customizable and allows businesses to set specific parameters for verification. Developers pay for Scaffold per call, but can set up volume-based pricing.
Location URL creation and sharing service Mapping links,location,mapping,maps,sharing,url, Addy is an application that allows users to create, save, and share locations using a customized URL link. Addy also allows for map views and visualizations, as well as address book functionality.  The Addy API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Addy with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact Addy here for more information: https://addy.co/business.
Royalty-free music service Music audio,mp3,music, The service provides access to a library of over 10,000 music selections available for use online without payment of royalties. The library is populated with in-house samples and proprietary songs organized by genre, tempo, mood, etc. The service gives access to incorporate its music in slideshows, videos, Flash components, etc.  API methods support retrieval of selections by category, genre, mood, and tempo. Methods generate a songlist, which the application can then incorporate by ID either as an MP3 file or RTMP audio stream.
Bioinformatics data XML converter Science bioinformatics,science,XML, BioDOM is a JAVA library for converting native non-XML output from various bioinformatic tools to XML formats that can be validated against XMLSchemas. BioDOM is available as a download, a web console, or a SOAP API.  The API consists of four services (AlignmentML, SequenceML, RNAStructML and RNAStructAlignmentML) for converting native formats in xml and back.
Solar power permitting regulation database Mapping mapping,permits,solar, SolarPermit.org is the host of the National Solar Permitting Database, an online database of free information related to solar permitting requirements of cities and counties nationwide.  SolarPermit.org exposes their database though a freely accessible API. The API allows applications to query for information on states and jurisdiction regulations, or to submit suggestions and comments to the database.
Email List and Campaign management service Email CRM,email,enterprise,marketing, The Campaign Monitor API allows users to interact and &quot;sync&quot; with their Campaign Monitor account via simple web-based methods. Common uses of the API include:  *Automatically sync subscribers between Campaign Monitor and a third party tool.  *Create and send custom email campaigns to segments of subscribers built on the fly.  *Develop useful plugins and integrations like these guys for other popular apps  *Automatically create a client account, set billing and load it with ready-to-send templates.  The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML or JSON.
Streaming radio station directory Music directory,music,radio,search, Streamfinder is an online directory for users to find streaming radio stations from all over the world. Users can search the directory by keyword, genre, and artist name. Users can also save their favorite stations in their profile.  The Streamfinder API allows developers to access and integrate the data and functionality of Streamfinder into other applications and services. Some example API methods include searching radio stations by genre, country, and keywords, listing top radio stations by genre, and retrieving radio station information.
Screen scraper wiki Tools code,Data,scraper,wiki, The ScraperWiki API lets users retrieve data from the ScraperWiki datastore to use in their own applications. ScraperWiki is an online tool to make that allows users to write screen scraper code. The API uses RESTful calls and responses can be formatted in XML, JSON, PHP, YAML or CSV. 
Archive of US newspapers News government,history,news,reference, Chronicling America from the US Library of Congress, provides access to information about historic newspapers and select digitized newspaper pages. The site allows you to search and view newspaper pages from 1880-1922 and find information about American newspapers published between 1690-present. To encourage a wide range of potential uses, we designed several different views of the data we provide, all of which are publicly visible. You do not need an API key to use them. 
Company news releases Financial enterprise,finance,news,stocks, The XigniteReleases API gives you real-time company news, including press releases, industry news, earnings and dividend announcements, mergers and acquisitions, stock analyst coverage and more. Ideas for using this API include investor portals, business intelligence and competitive portals, or CRM applications.
Mobile barcode service Utility deadpool,mobile,utility, Upload, decode and read two dimensional barcodes. Intended to be used from mobile devices as a means to interpret &quot;tags&quot; in the real world. Requires you include a public-readable image of the barcode on the web.
Korean-language Bible Reference bible,korea,reference,religion, The Korean Bible Society (KBS) is a non-profit organization formed to translate, publish, and distribute Christian Scriptures in the Korean language. The KBS website is provided in both Korean and English.  The KBS API provides users with programmatic access to the KBS&#039;s Korean translation of the Bible. It also provides a search service and the ability to retrieve information on specific Gospels.
Product Search Service Search barcode,database,EAN,product,search, EAN-Search is a product search service where users can type in a European Article Number(EAN) and the site returns what product it references. The database contains over 24 million entries. Users can also search by product and receive a list of related products and the corresponding EAN numbers. The EAN-Search API is commercial available and facilitates integration of the database within third-party services. An account is required with service. 
Multimedia and video widgets Video deadpool,multimedia,video,widgets, Wiqet is a multimedia player to make an easy presentation. An online user can add photos, voice message, webcam recording or videos into the Wiqet. Websites can integrate the Wiqet tool by using the Wiqet API and offer Wiqet to their users.
Access multiple API&#039;s with one easy to use POST Tools tools, The Easy API is one of the fastest growing API services out there. We offer a service that allows you to use multiple API&#039;s without having to code for the specific interfaces. An example would be that we have both a Zip Code Radius location tool, and also offer SEOMoz. Instead of coding two different application methods, you just have to code one. One easy to use API that can do the work of all the others. It accepts a POST then will return well formed XML. We are going to be offering JSONP-&gt;JSON integration in 2011.
UK newspaper  News media,news, The Guardian Open Platform is the suite of web services that make it possible for our partners to build applications with the Guardian. We&#039;ve opened up our platform so that everyone can benefit from our journalism, our brand, and the technologies that power guardian.co.uk. The Open Platform currently includes two products, the Content API and the Data Store. is a mechanism for getting Guardian content. You can query our content database for articles and get them back in formats that are geared toward integration with other internet applications. The Data Store is a collection of important and high quality data sets curated by Guardian journalists. You can find useful data here, download it, and integrate it with other internet applications.
Wine recommendations service Recommendations food,recommendations,wine, Snooth is a growing online community of wine lovers. The Snooth API allows access to the extensive database of wines hosted by Snooth. Snooth users can rate wines and get recommendations based on their preferences.
Video chat service Chat chat,deadpool,social,video, Raydash provides a web-service API that allows businesses to build scalable video chat apps and integrate them into their web applications. Live video chat or video streams can be hosted on Raydash, and accessed via the API. Full documentation is not publicly available. Raydash tightly integrates with Ruby on Rails.
Custom online music radio Music music,unofficial, Pandora is an online music player that uses information gathered by the Music Genome Project to find songs or artists with similarities to those that the user likes. It then plays them back on streaming online stations.  The API methods exposed by Wikia users provide programming language-independent access to Pandoraa??s proprietary APIs. All listed API calls have been reverse-engineered by Wikia users and have not been made available by Pandora. These calls provide access to all aspects of Pandora&#039;s functioning including the creation and editing of stations, retrieval of song information, creation of user accounts, logging on or off, and more.
Social Music Service Music music,radio,social,streaming, Choose the music you want to play and listen as much as you want a?? from the web or your phone, even when youa??re offline. Find new music by following what your friends are listening to. No ads.  The Web Services API is based on calls made to the Rdio server through HTTP POST requests and allows developers to access Rdio&#039;s data.  Developers can also incorporate the playback of licensed Rdio music into their web applications. Full length songs are available to Rdio subscribers and trial users; non-users will be able to hear previews of the songs.
Mobile phone contacts service Telephony contacts,mobile,telephony, The Personal Contacts API gives your application real time access to contacts of Orange France customers, enabling you to view their address book and add new entries, with their permission.   ThisPart of the Personal APIs Alpha suite.
App security information service Security application,safety,security, There are a lot of apps available online, and it can be difficult to sort through them to identify which ones are safest to use. The WeatherRepo is a service designed to determine the security of a given application and quantify information about app safety in a way that both developers and users can understand. The WeatherRepo&#039;s app safety information can be retrieved programmatically via REST calls.
Online file storage Storage backup,collaboration,sbweb,sharing,storage, Box is a cloud based storage company that believes people should be able to access and share their content from anywhere. Since 2005 they have been helping make that possible.    The Box platform makes it easy for you to utilize our storage for your application. With our XML-based API you can develop modules, applications, and plugins that can upload, download, and share files from Box.net accounts.   With our latest OpenBox Services, users can bring the power of web applications directly into their Box accounts. Edit photos and images online with Picnik, work on your Word and Excel files using Zoho, preview documents with Scribd&#039;s iPaper, and much more.    Third parties are encouraged to contribute their own applications to the extensive Box network of over four million users.   
IVR testing platform Telephony IVR,telephony,testing, NuBot is a fully automated IVR application testing service. NuBot helps automate testing processes in a range of situations including functional, load, regression, performance, balancing, and back-end testing as well as telephony infrastructure.  NuBot offers a RESTful API for programmatic access to NuBot services. Example use cases for the API include collecting information to be sent to third-party components, gathering metrics to be displayed on a web dashboard, launching a test session from a build process, and getting raw test session data to provide trend analysis over time.
Database and server management service Database backend,database, Datalanche is a database and server management service for working with structured data. It is designed to provide persistent data storage for mobile and web apps. It also offers a public data repository containing things like directory information and medical codes. This repository can be queried via REST API or downloaded as a CVS file.  Datalanche is also capable of acting as a central repository for structured data from multiple sources. The REST API can automate the aggregation of this data and then access it from a single point. Datalanche users can share their structured data privately with 3rd parties, or share an API endpoint that lets others read or write the data.
SMS messaging service Messaging campaign,messaging,sms, The service allows SMS messaging, either individual texts or bulk messaging. It also allows voice/SMS integration and SMS messaging driven by uploaded text and Excel files. Reporting functions list messages sent and failed attempts, by date or date range.  API methods support sending single or multiple SMS messages, with sender, recipient, and message text supplied in the request. Status codes inform the requesting application about success and failure, and methods support overall reporting for specified date parameters.
Hotel booking engine Travel booking,hotel,travel, WebHotelier is an online reservation service for hoteliers that aims to boost client&#039;s bookings revenue by offering a customized booking engine. WebHotelier provides various API methods to access, retrieve, and manage data. API methods include property, availability, booking, reservations, ChannelStream, Voucher, and update. The API is RESTful and response formats include XML and JSON.    
Domain name search service Internet domain,internet, Domainr is a tool used in searching for available domain names. Domainr has two external APIs: an HTML forms API for website integration and a JSON-based API for web services and client-side implementations written in JavaScript.
Entertainment and video content application Entertainment entertainment,music,television,video, Gracenote provides music, video, and auto applications. Gracenote also provides applications that connect devices to interactive programming. The Gracenote EyeQ provides an interactive programming guides for entertainment content, such as TV shows.  The Gracenote EyeQ API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Gracenote EyeQ with other applications. It allows TV provider, channel, and program lookups, as well as text-based lookups of movies and television series.
Sales and demand forecasting (time series) Enterprise enterprise,forecasting,Optimization,supplychain, Send us data, we send back the forecasts. Best suited for sales forecasts (inventory optimization) and call volume forecasts (staffing optimization). Lokad is based in Paris, France. Our philosophy is to deliver a state-of-the-art forecasting technology at a price one order of magnitude lower than that offered by traditional vendors.
LTL Shipping Rate Quote Service Shipping aggregator,deadpool,freight,logistics,shipping, Logistify is a logistics company that can be used for comparing freight quotes and finding the cheapest LTL shipping rates. Their rater form allows users to get rate quotes from multiple carriers using a single interface. API responses are formatted in JSON. Documentation is provided as sample JSON queries and responses in the form itself. Check it out!
Cloud based telephony services Telephony cloud,conference,fax,telephony,Voice, Aculab Cloud enables users to create scalable voice and fax applications. There cloud telephony platform presents high level APIs (Python and .NET) making it quick and easy to write a range of applications.    The developer account is free and once you wish to run your application you simply pay per minute for the runtime of the application. In addition you can purchase a range of international inbound numbers.  Users can write applications to manage interactions and call logic including transfer calls, play messages, add calls together in a conference and more. The RESTful API provides programmatic access to the Cloud Filestore, whereby a suitable program may download, upload, delete or rename media files.
European research and academic libraries network Database database,library,research, The European Library is a consortium of academic and research libraries. Their website is a portal to very large collections of digitized artifacts and bibliographic records. Users can browse by provider, such as European national libraries, by special collections, by discipline, and more. The API is only available to members of the European Library. Through the API, the searching functionality of the catalog is exposed. It is RESTful and returns both XML and JSON-encoded data. 
Home energy usage measurement tool Tools deadpool,energy,goernment,tools,usage, Provided by the US Department of Energy, the Home Energy Scoring Tool provides an &quot;asset rating&quot; of a home&#039;s energy use under standardized occupancy and operational conditions. The API allows developers to develop third party applications capable of generating home energy scores.   With these APIs, approved software developers can generate home energy scores as a stand-alone service or as an add-on to a home inspection or comprehensive energy assessment. Functionality of the API includes the ability to describe a home and get results and scoring label. The API uses SOAP calls and responses are in XML.
Access to CPU information Utility utility, The Intel CPU Web API provides web developers with JavaScript access to information about the CPU and current CPU utilization.
BuzzData lets you share your data in a smarter, easier way.  Instead of juggling versions and overwriting files, use BuzzData and enjoy a social network designed for data. null Data,sharing,social,visualization,Voice, BuzzData lets you share your data in a smarter, easier way.  Instead of juggling versions and overwriting files, use BuzzData and enjoy a social network designed for data.
Bills itself as a &quot;smarter Twitter widget.&quot; null deadpool,widgets, Bills itself as a &quot;smarter Twitter widget.&quot;
Face detection and recognition service Photos Detection,face,identity,photo,recognition, Eyedea is a research and technology company specializing in high-end computer vision solutions. Eyedea provides software routines for object detection and object recognition based on customer specifications and research results.  Eyedea offers an API for face detection. Use the service to detect gender, age and identity. Photos can be uploaded directly in the API request. The API uses a REST-like interface and responses are returned in JSON, YAML or XML formats. 
Travel search service Travel search,travel, From their site: The search API is an HTTP interface that lets you, the programmer, integrate kayak.com searches and results into your web site, desktop application, or mobile phone application. If you can make an HTTP connection, you should be able to use this API.
Indoor mapping and commerce platform  Shopping coupons,indoor,mapping,shopping, aisle411 is a platform that provides indoor maps of stores, locations of products in stores, and commerce solutions. aisle411 also offers other features, such as coupon applications and checkout services.  The aisle411 API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of aisle411 with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email partners@aisle411.com for more information. 
Blog management Blogging blog,deadpool, NOTE: As of January 2007, this service is no longer available [[http://performancing.com/node/5583 Announcement]]. From their site: The API allows programmers to retrieve metrics data and graph images for use in their own software, blogs and websites. With the API you can access any of the information that is displayed in the standard Metrics user interface. You could use this to show a visitor count in your blog, or interesting stats for several blogs in a private intranet dashboard, for example. 
Street address validation service Shipping address,mail,shipping,validation, The service integrates the provider&#039;s Pro World Version (WV) functionality to return a complete, valid mailing address based on submission of variably formatted and even incomplete input supplied by a user or other source. The validation check occurs in the background, invisible to the user, and corrected address information allows enforcement of policies and prevents later troubleshooting of misdirected shipments due to inaccurate address input.  API methods support submission of address data as entered by the user, including partial address information. Returned data provide full address information in standard format that reflects local formatting, to be transparently populated to available address fields. 
Short term weather forecasting service Weather forecast,weather, Dark Sky is an app that predicts the weather using location to figure out when ita??s going to precipitate in the immediate future. It is meant to forecast the weather for a given location up to an hour in advance.  The Dark Sky API allows users to query for short-term precipitation forecast data at geographical points inside the United States. It can provide an hourly forecast, forecasts for a collection of points and a list of interesting storms currently happening. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Discounted international calls service Telephony deadpool,discounts,mobile,telephony, CallsUp! is a mobile applications that automatically detects the best call mode to give the user the best rate for a given call. The service also is avaialble for landlines and mobile phones without Internet access. An API is available for developers to offer their customers the service&#039;s functionality directly from their website. Public documentation is not avaialble.
Spam-resistant short-term contact service Email address,contacts,email, The service provides a short URL with time-limited access for sharing contact information. It allows users to share email address and phone number with others but without exposing that information to search engines and spammers eager to misuse it for unwanted communications. The URL is active only for a preset duration, allowing a business or personal contact to view and use contact information. Email forwarding is also available.  API methods support retrieval of a short URL for accessing a human-accessible display based on submission of phone number and email address along with the desired duration for the URL to remain active. Methods also support creating an email address that will forward to an actual valid address provided with the request.
Online Music Distribution Database Music deadpool,music,search, IODA is an online music distribution service for independent artists. IODA has a large database of artists, albums, and songs available through their website and retail partners. The data is also available through the IODA RESTful API. Users and developers can create their own applications around the information in IODA&#039;s extensive database. The API is currently still in Beta, and is subject to change.
Code compiling and running service Tools code,programming,tools, HackerEarth is an online programmer community that also provides an extensive list of practice problems and an in-browser code editor for testing code. The HackerEarth API allows developers to compile and run computer code in multiple languages, including C, C++, C++11, Clojure, C#, Java, JavaScript, Haskell, Perl, PHP, Python, and Ruby. The API accepts calls via POST and returns all data in JSON format.
Information extraction and rendering API Tools barcode,extraction,image,pdf,qr,tools, Textibility, from IdeaSynthesis, allows users to extract information from images and documents or generate images and documents from structured data, all through a RESTful API. Supported file formats include PNG, JPEG, GIF, and PDF.
Semantic data search and extraction service Other language,metadata,search,semantic, From their site: Reuters run a service called Calais. The Calais web service automatically attaches rich semantic metadata to the content you submit in well under a second. Using natural language processing, machine learning and other methods, Calais categorizes and links your document with entities (people, places, organizations, etc.), facts (person &quot;x&quot; works for company &quot;y&quot;), and events (person &quot;z&quot; was appointed chairman of company &quot;y&quot; on date &quot;x&quot;).
Access to museum data Education musuem,reference, The Museum of London API is a REST interface to the following data sources: publications from the Archaeology Service; events at the Museum of London, Museum in Docklands, and London; Archaeological Archive and Resource Centre; and a converter from OSGB grid references to latitude/longitude. Also there is archaeological sites to the publications API, which means that KML output.  
Structured query interface to Wikipedia Wiki reference,semantic,wiki, From their site: DBpedia.org is a community effort to extract structured information from Wikipedia and to make this information available on the Web. DBpedia allows you to ask sophisticated queries against Wikipedia and to link other datasets on the Web to Wikipedia data.
A prediction market for Amazon products. Each new product added becomes a &quot;stock&quot;. If a product&#039;s Amazon&#039;s sales rank improves, its stock price goes up. And vice-versa. Traders buy, sell, short, and cover. null retail, A prediction market for Amazon products. Each new product added becomes a &quot;stock&quot;. If a product&#039;s Amazon&#039;s sales rank improves, its stock price goes up. And vice-versa. Traders buy, sell, short, and cover.
Human resources hiring screening service Enterprise enterprise,hiring,HR,jobs,reference, The service provides background screening for prospective employees to help guide hiring decisions. It reviews public and privately available records to verify criminal and arrest history, credit history, drug- and health-related concerns, and industry-specific issues for a potential employee as part of the hiring and human resource process. The range of screening services can be configured for a particular industry or organization withing hundreds of countries.   API methods support specification of the organization type and specific organization and worksite using the service as well as the candidates to be screened. Screening variables supported include job history, education background and other qualifications, and documentation types accepted.
Favicon retrieval service Tools Favicon,icon,image,internet,tools, Fvicon.com offers an API that allows users to retrieve favicons from website URLs. Some API methods include retrieving favicons from specified websites, editing the format of the favicons, filtering the type of favicon returned, and retrieving image sources. 
Point-Of-Sale and Payment Service Payment merchant,payment,shopping,transfer,wallet, Verifone is a global technology provider for electronic payment and point-of-sale services. The company provides services to the financial, retail, hospitality, government, petroleum and other industries. Verifone has an open API upon which developers can build mobile applications that utilize the payment or Point-of-sale services. An account is required with service.  
Multilingual social network Social languageTranslation,social, Dudu is a multilingual social network that offers a translation technology that allows users speaking different languages to communicate freely by translating phrases from one language into another in real-time.  Dudu offers a simple API for the integration of Dudu services into other applications. Example API methods include FriendsList, worldEventCreate, changeAvatar, setPageTitle, and more. 
Location sharing service Mapping mapping,social, The Google Latitude API allows for websites and developers to integrate with Google Latitude, which lets users update and read their current location, their location history, and other geo-related information.   In Latitude, a location is a record of where a user was at a given time. A location always contains a latitude, a longitude and a timestamp. It might also contain more details about the position of the user at that time, such as altitude, or metadata about how the position itself was captured, such as accuracy.  A user typically has a current location, which represents the most recent known position of the user. In some cases, however, a user might decide to temporarily hide, making their position invisible to Latitude friends. A hidden user has no current location.  A user can opt to have their locations stored as a time series by Google. This collection of positions is called the user&#039;s location history. 
Get elevation data for any location Mapping Elevation,mapping, The Google Elevation web service provides you a simple interface to query locations on the earth for elevation data. Additionally, you may request sampled elevation data along paths, allowing you to calculate elevation changes along routes.   The Elevation service provides elevation data for all locations on the surface of the earth, including depth locations on the ocean floor (which return negative values). In those cases where Google does not possess exact elevation measurements at the precise location you request, the service will interpolate and return an averaged value using the four nearest locations.
US financial market daily news updates Financial deadpool,finance,money,news,stocks, The XigniteOutlook API lets you access a daily summary of news related to the U.S. financial markets. You can get information by day, week, month, time range and more.
European Union legislative data service Government europe,government,law,unofficial, This API opens up core EU legislative data for further use. The API extracts, organize and connects data from various official sources. Developers can use the API to help conduct research, create data visualizations or build applications upon it. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
application processing service Job Search jobs,recruiting,semantic, The Semantic Engine Systems API is designed to help those in charge of hiring better sort through applications. The engine can access your inbox, scan through the attached resumes and CVs, and pull out the candidates that best match the open positions within your company. Sign up and API key required, commercial use must be applied for. 
Weather mapping service Weather mapping,weather, Open Weather Map provides interactive maps of current and historic weather conditions. The Open Weather Map API allows users to retrieve the current weather at a city or weather station, the historical measurements for a weather station, or a list of cities and/or weather stations in a given rectangle (limited by geographic coordinates). The API uses RESTful calls issued in JSON format.
Photovoltaic installation management service Tools energy,solar,tools, pvSense is a tool for understanding how photovoltaic (PV) installations perform. Such installations are often assembled from disparate subsystems that are sourced from different vendors and are not designed to work together. pvSense provides an integrated environment that collects measurements in real time with high accuracy over an entire PV portfolio.  The pvSense HTTP (REST) API forms the interface for accessing the pvSense platform and modules over the web. The pvSense API provides secure access to pvSense and to pvSense sites and databases. It can also be used to create, modify, and delete databases, tables, and fields as well as to create, read, update, delete, and analyze table and time series records.
Discount ticket service Entertainment coupons,deals,entertainment,events,tickets, Goldstar is an online discount ticket retailer for entertainment events. Goldstar offers half-price tickets for activities and events such as theater, dance, concerts, film screenings, and sporting events. Their site also offers member reviews and a customized suggestion service for members.  Using the Goldstar API, developers can build functionality on top of Goldstar. Supported functions include deal of the day, listing feeds, oAuth, will-calls, images, territories, and categories. The API is aimed at Dealwire Partners (affiliates)as well as suppliers and venues. A developer key is required.   
Real-time public transit information Transportation aggregator,bus,transit, NextBus provides data for transit authorities to deliver real-time information to their passengers via internet, touch-tone telephone, and SMS. Alerts are available through these methods, as well as through email.  NextBus offeres a public XML feed accessible by RESTful calls for developers to use in third-party applications.
Thumbnail generator Tools internet,photo,screenshot,thumbnail,tools, PageGlimpse is a service providing developers with programatic access to thumbnails of any web page. The thumbnails can be used in any kind of applications that require the display of website screenshots.
Atmospheric Pressure Data Service Feeds Data,feeds,science,weather, Cumulonimbus is a Canada-based software company that creates Android apps. Cumulonimbus has released an App called PressureNet which is a global network of crowd-sourced atmospheric pressure readings. The service aims to provide improved weather forecasting by increasing the availability of data that describes the atmosphere. The API provides users with access to data feeds receiving over 300,000 measurements of atmospheric data per day. 
Photo sharing and storage service Photos affiliate,photo,stockphoto, Shutterstock&#039;s API is best used by affiliates as a tool to increase earning potential through Shutterstock&#039;s Affiliate Program. Through use of the API Shutterstock&#039;s Affiliates can display Shutterstock&#039;s images directly on their sites. API is available upon request. Email affiliate@shutterstock.com to request access. Full documentation is available online at the API home page listed below.
Solar energy information service Weather energy,environment,solar,weather, The service provides measures of solar energy available at specified locations on the earth&#039;s surface. Data give monthly mean values of solar irradiance measures for locations around the globe. Data reflect satellite observations and meteorological observations and analyses from U.S. government agencies, the National Center for Environmental Predictions (NCEP) and National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR). Separate observations are rationalized by data fusion techniques.  API methods support submission of a global location as latitude, longitude, and elevation. The API returns solar energy measures such as downwelling shortwave irradiance along with low, high, and average readings for air temperature and relative humidity.
Unified Islamic prayer timetable for London Reference prayer,reference,religion, London Prayer Times provides the Unified Islamic Prayer Timetable for London. The London Prayer Times API provides developer access to the timetable via HTTP GET calls. A date may be specified. An API Key is required and responses are XML or JSON formatted.
Vacation rental, rideshare, and activity listings service Travel hotel,housing,transportation,travel, Outpost.Travel helps users find affordable vacation rentals, rideshares, and local activities all around the world. This information is collected from the databases of many other travel sites to give users centralized access to all of their information. Outpost.Travel provides a Public API for accessing its site data, including 700,000 rental listings, tens of thousands of rideshares, and 30,000 local attractions. This API is still new, so users may encounter some bugs.
Online classifieds search engine Search classifieds,europe,jobs,latin-america,search, Trovit is a search engine for classified ads in Europe and Latin America. Trovit pulls content from online classifieds and aggregates them into one search engine.  The Trovit API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Trovit with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email api@trovit.com for more information and API access.
Online business security service Security business,esignature,security, The TrustedX API is intended to help businesses ensure the security and reliability of their online transactions by providing mechanisms for handling authenticity, electronic signatures, and encryption. This API makes it easier to endow applications with security mechanisms and to manage them centrally.
Corporate gift cards on demand Enterprise digital,enterprise,gifts, The Amazon Gift Codes On Demand service lets companies create and distribute electronic Amazon Gift Card claim codes on demand, in real time, in virtually any denomination. The corportate program allows businesses to use the Amazon brand in their promotions as well as order physical cards in addition to the electronic codes. The API allows users to request individual gift codes and receive them instantly. The codes can then be distributed in any chosen format instantly. Documentation is not publicly available and interested developers should contact the provider for more information.
Cloud-based hosting service Backend backend,cloud,hosting, MiniCloud provides a cloud-based hosting service that can scale up or down depending on site traffic. Users only pay for what they use and are given full control over networking options, programming languages, custom error pages, and more through MiniCloud&#039;s web console. To enhance security, all computing environments are isolated from each other and from public networks. Users can choose to run their sites from multiple data centers in different geographic locations to increase performance and reduce downtime, even in extreme weather or power outages.
Mobile push service  File Sharing android,file-sharing,mobile,push, The PushBullet API allows developers to engage customers through the PushBullet Android application. This service makes it easy to write software that can push to devices through PushBullet. What you would push and why is up to you; PushButton provides the tool. This API utilizes RESTful calls and JSON responses. 
Product information and intelligence provider Shopping commerce,descriptions,prices,product,retail,shopping, Indix provides information and intelligence about products. Indix provides a Big Data and SaaS tool to support brands and retailers to access product data including descriptions, images, and almost-realtime pricing information.  The Indix API allows developers to access and integrate the data and functionality of Indix with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include searching product information, retrieving product information, and retrieving a price history for specified products.
Recipe search engine Food food,ingredients,recipes,search, Recipeon.us is a recipe search engine. Users enter ingredient lists and Recipeon.us returns a list of relevant recipes. The Recipeon.us API allows applications to perform recipe searches. The API allows calls to specify a particular meal (e.g. breakfast) and is capable of suggesting ingredient matches for partial or misspelled names.
Web application development tools Tools authenticaion,code,tools,validation, SAPO is a Portuguese Internet service provider whose main web site acts as a web portal featuring a directory of Portuguese sites. SAPO Services provides a large suite of web services and applications to developers worldwide.  The Sapo Development suite of APIs includes web services related to application development. The services are:  * Code generation - RESTful service that generates web service client proxies for various languages including: .NET 2.0, .NET 3.0 (WCF), Java, PHP, Perl, Python, Ruby and javascript.  * STS - User authentication service using SOAP protocol  * WSI - RESTful service used to validate a WSDL as being in conformance with Basic Profile 1.1 from WS-I.Code generation, authentication, WSDL compliance
Code conversion service Tools code,conversion,tools, The Code Converter API allows users to convert a selection of code from one programming language to another. Users may convert from C# to VB.NET, Boo, Python, or Ruby. They may also convert from VB.NET to C#, Boo, Python, or Ruby. This API is available via SOAP calls using the XML data format.
Real-time group communications over SMS, web browser, and smartphone applications. Formerly called group.ly null phone,sms,social,telephony, Real-time group communications over SMS, web browser, and smartphone applications. Formerly called group.ly
Algorithmic Trading Service Financial algorithm,derivatives,exchange,financial,stocks,trading, Quantopian is a algorithmic trading platform that was developed for investors and statisticians to build, test, and execute different trading strategies. The site provides 11 years of US equity data for uses to back test trading strategies. The Quantopian API allows users to check the trade log, view orders, get open orders, get orders, cancel orders, check portfolio positions, and call for snapshots of portfolios. The service uses SOAP calls. 
Active lifestyle community database Sports sports, The Active.com API provides read-only access to data produced by systems within The Active Network. This includes things like running events, tennis tournaments, triathlons, high school sports ranking data, and campground availability data for 97% of the US and Canada&#039;s national and state/provincial parks. Assets include events, races, tournaments, facilities, classes and leagues.  Several sites, including livestrong.com and ESPN, are active consumers of the API. All of the Active.com APIs are read-only and return public data.  As a result, no security measures (SSL, Oauth) are required. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Energy consumption data service Tools energy,monitoring,tools, Energimolnet provides a low cost solution for receiving electricity data and is designed to simplify access to energy consumption data throughout the nordic region. The Energimolnet API allows businesses and individual developers to enable automatic and reliable access to energy data. All methods in the API work via HTTP GET requests and all responses are in JSON format. A developer account and API key are required.
Global Telephony API Telephony calls,Global,telephony,TTS,Voice, Hoiio is a global communication service seeking to allow people around the world to communicate via telephone or SMS by routing through Hoiio service.   The Hoiio Voice API provides powerful APIs to make calls and handle voice responses (IVR). All these services are built on top of Hoiio&#039;s cloud infrastructure, so your app automatically scales as needed. Hoiio also provides virtual numbers for receiving inbound calls and free TTS services.  No hardware is needed from the developer. It is a pay-per-use model, with zero setup fee.
Travel booking services Travel booking,travel, Use the Cleartrip API to integrate Cleartrip.com searching and booking results into your web app, desktop app, or mobile app. Cleartrip tries to make travel simple: &quot;We are geeks and we use really cool technology to make some amazing travel related apps.&quot;
Instant Messaging Service Social chat,im,social, Jaconda is a tool to make team chats simple. It can be used from the web or a number of IM services. Jaconda also provides easy access to all your data via an XML and JSON-based, RESTful API. The API allows developers to easily manage the Jaconda services in their own applications.  
Facebook extensions Social social,widgets, Facebook Social Plugins make a user&#039;s friend&#039;s social activity available via API. You can see what your friends have liked, commented on or shared on sites across the web. Social Plugins are a basic method of accessing data on Facebook and are specifically designed so none of your data is shared with the sites on which they appear.  All plugins use the Facebook JavaScript SDK. 
Social community Social mapping,mobile,places,social, Use the Socialight API to access  Socialight data, which is used to discover great places near you on your mobile phone and then share places and experiences with friends. For example, you can create an iPhone app that shows the coffee shops in your neighborhood that have cute baristas. An open-access how-to is available: http://socialight.com/help/apihowto
Profile removed Other  Profile removed, please visit: http://www.programmableweb.com/api/alchemyapi
Project management service Project Management enterprise,project-management, Pivotal Tracker is a free, agile project management tool that enables real time collaboration around a shared, prioritized backlog. Tracker provides an API that can be used to create, retrieve, update, and delete project, story, and task resources. The API uses a RESTful interface and responses are formatted in XML. 
Third party Wikipedia web service Reference deadpool,reference,wiki, From their site: FUTEF API provides a search API to explore and find Wikipedia content - including faceted categories. This API is presented as a RESTful Web Service - for more background information on RESTful web services.
Package shipping and tracking service Shipping europe,germany,packages,shipping,tracking, shipcloud is a package and shipment tracking service for Germany (with the rest of Europe coming soon). shipcloud currently supports all of the major carriers on the German market (DHL, UPS, Hermes, GLS, and DPD).   The shipcloud API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of shipcloud with other applications. Some example API methods include looking up packages, tracking shipments, and viewing carrier information.  
Online store and e-commerce product search service Shopping catalog,search,shopping, The service provides hosted functionality for product search to meet the needs of e-commerce retailers. It gives online store managers a customized search engine against their own specific product catalog and related product information materials. It includes familiar Google search features like sophisticated relevance ranking that can be adjusted by the store owner, query expansion to match synonyms of users&#039; search terms, complex variant spelling of search terms, and targeted promotions based on result sets.  API methods support submission of a user search query and retrieval of matching listings from an online store&#039;s own product catalog. Methods work with the [http://www.programmableweb.com/api/google-shopping-search Google Shopping API] to support definition of product categories for the store&#039;s catalog, specification of spelling rules to ensure retrieval of the right results for similar query terms, control of promotions and product recommendations linked to search terms, and complex guidelines for filtering and sorting relevance ranked results. The API also allows clickthrough tracking to reveal customer behavior patterns based on search results.
Cloud asset monitoring and management  Internet internet,monitoring,paas, Amazon CloudWatch is a web service that provides visibility into your cloud assets. Amazon CloudWatch provides the data you need to make informed decisions. It is designed to provide comprehensive monitoring for all of the following AWS services: Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud or Amazon EC2 (including instances of paid AMIs), and Elastic Load Balancing.
International property marketing and viewing service Real Estate localization,marketing,realestate, Previsite is an international online real estate marketing service. When users submit property listings, they are automatically distributed to real estate portals around the world and, if necessary, translated into languages specific to those portals. Users can manage, monitor, and view these listings online.  Previsite provides panoramic viewers using methods such as JAVA, Flash, and HTML5 to give potential buyers a preview of the property in question. These viewers can be extensively customized and will display images in a variety of formats, along with music and voice-overs. The viewers work on mobile and tablet displays, and users can link end-users to the previews using QR codes. These previews can also be shared directly on social media sites.  The Previsite API allows users to add, find, update, and delete virtual tours; create, update, and retrieve user account information; find ads that can be used on a real estate portal or platform; and more. Although the Previsite website is in English, the API documentation is given in French.
Video interviewing platform  Video candidate,employment,Interview,jobs,video, Wowzer is a video interview application. Wowzer offers video interviewing tools and platform for companies to interview job candidates over video.  The Wowzer API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Wowzer with other applications. Some example API methods include viewing applications, retrieving candidate information, and managing account information. 
Food information service Reference diet,food,reference, The CalorieKing database is now open so your own applications can search our database and access nutrient information for individual foods. You don&#039;t need to host a database or provide a search engine - you pull information from our servers as you need it
REST API testing service Tools code,development,programming,testing,tools, Mocky is a service that allows developers to mock their HTTP responses in order to test the functionality of a REST API. Mocky is available as a web console, downloadable software, or REST API. The API version of the service accepts calls issued in JSON and JSONP. The Mocky website is available in English, French, and Portuguese.
Building energy consumption management service Utility energy,environment,green,monitoring, EcoSCADA is a web-based energy savings service that is used to monitor energy consumption and identify wasteful energy use. EcoSCADA is useful for establishing benchmarks for energy usage across multiple buildings and monitoring their performance against those benchmarks. The service records data on gas, electricity, and water consumption as well as other relevant factors. This data is stored in EcoSCADA&#039;s online database where it can be accessed by users directly or via API.
German ecommerce delivery service Shipping delivery,ecommerce,germany,shipping, Tiramazoo.com is a German product delivery service built for ecommerce. Tiramazoo.com offers both direct integration through a plugin and a REST API. The API is capable of creating or cancelling orders, and delivering service area information. The API communicates over SSL, authenticates with an API token, and returns JSON formatted data.
Nigerian bulk SMS service Messaging messaging,nigeria,sms, EAGLERICHSMS247 is a Nigerian bulk SMS service. Users can integrate with EAGLERICHSMS247 by using its API, which provides users with direct access to the SMS Gateway. This allows users to send messages or check their account balances from within other applications. Users can register with EAGLERICHSMS247 for free and get 5 free SMS units to start with.
File Hosting Service Storage database,hosting,storage,upload, File-storm.com offers a free and a premium file hosting service. Using the FileStorm API requires users to have an API key. This can be obtained by creating an account. The API allows users retrieve file information or upload files themselves. To access any information on the site, other than very basic API info, an account must be created. 
Cloud hosted search service Search cloud,deadpool,search, Hub9 CloudSearch is a service that offers cloud hosted search solutions for websites. Search features include full text searching and searching control.  The Hub9 CloudSearch API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CloudSearch with other applications and sites. Some example API methods include retrieving documents, search indexing, and file searches. 
Document embedding service Office enterprise,office, From their site: The iPaper Javascript API allows you to control how your documents are displayed when embedded in your webpage. Similar to the Google Maps API, it is a simple set of Javascript commands that customize the appearance of iPaper. Part of the Scribd Platform.
Large dataset querying service Database bigdata,Data,database,datasets,search, The Google BigQuery service allows users to run SQL-like queries against very large datasets, with potentially billions of rows. BigQuery works best for interactive analyses, typically using a small number of very large, append-only tables. Users can access BigQuery using the BigQuery browser, the bq command-line tool, the REST API, or Google Apps Script.
Time zone database Reference reference,time, TimeZoneDb is a web application that displays time zone information for cities globally. Data included in the TimeZoneDb are city names, country names, abbreviation, timezone, and GMT offset.  The TimeZoneDb API allows developers access the data from TimeZoneDb. Example API methods include searching data from TimeZoneDb and returning data based on time zones, latitude, and longitude.
Video sharing and discovery Video deadpool,video, Programmatically do most of the same things that you can with the site. Use the API to create a video widget. Get a video list complete with metadata and player, upload videos, get thumbnails, and retrieve your activity list.
Cronjob scheduling service Tools backend,time,tools, SetCronJob is a Linux-compatible service for scheduling cronjobs, commands that are automatically executed at scheduled intervals. Jobs can be set simply by giving SetCronJob a URL to call and a time interval.  SetCronJob keeps an execution log that stores data for up to 20 execution results, including the time, destination IP, and script output for each result. Users can also choose to receive email notifications when an executed cronjob succeeds or fails.  The SetCronJob API allows users to access their cronjobs, groups, and account settings programmatically via REST calls.
Photograph proofing, sharing, and selling platform Photos photo,stockphoto, ShootProof is an online platform for photographers to upload, proof, share, and sell their photographs and images. Photographers can name their own prices and set their own terms for selling their photographs on ShootProof.  The ShootProof API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ShootProof with other applications and sites. Some example API methods include uploading photographs, managing albums, managing photographs, and retrieving information about photographs and albums.
Image collection analysis service  Photos analysis,image,photo,tools, Imagga is a photo processing service. Users can specify an entire collection on their computers or websites to scanned for certain graphic qualities. Analyses Imagga can run include color identification, auto-tagging, and more. Imagga can also run processes like smart-cropping on usersa?? images. They offer APIs the expose several functionalities, including color analyses, cropping and splicing, and image-type classification. The APIs are RESTful and provide JSON-formatted responses.
Weather forecasting service Weather forecast,skiiing,weather, Free API for delivery of XML and JSON weather feeds for global locations specified by latitude/longitude, Postcode, or Zipcode. Options include current weather condition and 2-day forecast information for multiple global locations, 7-day forecast information for any single global location, and snow report data (where available) plus 6-day forecast information for any single ski resort or mountain location.
SMS text messaging service Messaging campaign,Global,messaging,sms, The service allows management of SMS text message communications for bulk messaging and communication with customers, subscribers, and other recipients. It allows specification of message text, recipient list, and delivery schedule. The service can also generate text messages triggered by email.  API methods support specification of recipients, either individuals or lists for bulk delivery, and message text. Methods also allow scheduling of future messaging and handling of incoming messaging.
Job search services Job Search jobs,search, Indeed is a search engine for jobs - with a radically different approach to job search. In one simple search, Indeed gives job seekers free access to millions of employment opportunities from thousands of websites. Indeed.com includes all the job listings from major job boards, newspapers, associations and company career pages - and we continue to add new sites every day.
Seattle and King County open data service Government government,opendata,seattle, The service from the King County, Washington, government provides machine-readable datasets reflecting operations of county departments in Seattle and the region. Plans call for addition of datasets from across the region. The service complies with the Socrata Open Data API to increase standardization of access.  API methods support open access to county government agency operating data, with a range of datatypes specified from simple choices such as integer, datetime, string, and boolean along with complex combinations of simple types. Methods provide views of metadata describing available datasets, including access URLs. User-focused methods allow review and update of accounts for registered users of the service.
Mobile application development and backend service Backend application,backend,development,hosting,mobile, Kony is a mobile application development service. Kony helps customers build mobile applications, as well as hosting mobile applications and providing backend solutions for mobile applications.  The Kony API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Kony with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include synching data, managing user information, and managing events. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up for more information. 
Consolidated travel information service Travel airlines,hotel,reservations,tickets,travel, The service provides unified access travel information from a distributed partner network of separate systems specializing in information about flights, hotels, car rental, insurance, and entertainment options. The service returns a range of content in response to a single submission so applications need not separately contact all the providers involved.   API methods support submission of a query specifying the desired departure and destination locations, along with desired information. The response provides a compiled package of results gathered from separate providers.
Egyptian diving trip booking service Travel egypt,ocean,travel, Deep Voyage is an Egyptian dive operation, created and run by experienced divers. Divers will travel on the ship, Liberty, which has a maximum speed of 12 knots, a spacious dive deck, and fully air conditioned cabins. The Deep Voyage API allows users to send booking requests and subscribe or unsubscribe from the Deep Voyage mailing list.
Radioshack Developer Service Retail business,coupons,Inventory,location,retail, RadioShack&#039;s cloud-based API suite allows customers the ability to create 3rd party applications that utilize the company&#039;s online site information about: coupons, store locations and product availability.  The Store Locations API allows you to find the nearest RadioShack store based on a determined location and features a GET request for closest stores and a call for the current API version. Information from the Product Availability API includes: access to current stock levels (by SKU) and nearby stores, locations and distance to the nearest stores. The Coupon API allows consumers access to RadioShack&#039;s various coupons.  The APIs are REST based and semi-open (with login keys) and support returns in JSON and XML data formats.
Mapping and 3D geo visualization Mapping 3d,mapping, The Google Earth API is a JavaScript library that allows developers to add Earth plug-in objects to their sites. The API also provides programmatic access to the plug-in objects and the features inside of them. Web site developers can use the API to facilitate interaction between standard HTML elements and Earth plug-in instances. Using the API you can draw markers and lines, drape images over the terrain, add 3D models, or load KML files, allowing you to build sophisticated 3D map applications. If you have an existing Maps API site, you can 3D-enable your page with as little as one line of code.
Geographic real-time wind data Sports kiteboarding,mapping,sports,weather,wind,windsurfing, WindOnTheWater.com is a mashup of data from real-time public wind sensors and Google Maps. It was built as a resource for kiteboarding, windsurfing, sailing, and other wind-based activities. WindOnTheWater.com exposes its mashed up data through a free API. Through simple HTTP calls, developers can automate access to wind data, tides, webcams, and more, filterable by region or specified location.  
Closing index values for U.S. and world indices Financial financial,stocks, The XigniteIndices API lets you access closing index values for both U.S. and world indices. You can search by historical and end-of-day closing stock indices.
Video chat Chat chat,social,video, Google+ Hangouts is a feature of Google Plus that lets users video chat in the same room as their friends while on the web. The Google+ Hangouts JavaScript API allows users to develop collaborative apps that run inside of a Google+ Hangout. Hangout apps are like normal web apps, but with the addition of the rich, real-time functionality provided by the Hangouts APIs. Apps have the ability to control aspects of the user interface, synchronize data between hangout participants, list hangout participants and respond to various events in the hangout. 
Wine tracking number repository Food food,reference,wine, The AVIN is a unique 13 digit number, which acts like an ISBN for books, but is used for tracking wine. The AVIN API is a service that allows automatic access to AVIN&#039;s up-to-date wine information. Information exposed through the API includes producers, wines, country and wine types. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
How-to and reference books Education books,education,reference, Brilliant books, from Pearson, are outcome-focused and straight to the point. Brilliant books cover over 100 topics to help readers learn about a subject quickly.  The Pearson Brilliant API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Pearson Brilliant books with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving books, retrieving book information, getting author information, and searching books and authors.
Activity marketplace service Travel activities,adventure,events,fun,travel, Kijubi is a experience marketplace dedicated to aggregating and organizing things to do all over the US. Kijubi&#039;s search engine stores information on activities on the water, in the air, or on the ground from family fun to sightseeing to adrenaline and exotic adventures.  Kijubi&#039;s API program enables developers to access Kijubi information in real-time, such as business listing info, overall business rating, and recent review excerpts and integrate them into their web site or mobile application. The API enables users to search for reviews by business type, neighborhood or geographical boundary as well as for a specific individual business. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON and serialized PHP.
Fashion images and other services for shopping Shopping deadpool,Fashion,search,shopping, Use the Stylight API to access a visual search engine for fashion products. For example, you could provide a search where someone could enter &#039;hugo boss&#039; and your app then displays a picture of the result. Construct requests to the Stylight database and receive images, prices or sizes of several brands and products.
Customized dashboard platform  Utility dashboard,feeds,information,utility, Dashbook is a platform that allows users to create and manage all of the information they want in one dashboard screen. Users can tailor and customize the feeds and information they want to see in their dashboard.   The Dashbook API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Dashbook with other applications and to build new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here http://dashbookapp.com/#contactForm for access. 
Travel distance based on Google Maps Mapping Directions,distance,mapping, The Google Distance Matrix API is a service that provides travel distance and time for a matrix of origins and destinations. The information returned is based on the recommended route between start and end points, as calculated by the Google Maps API, and consists of rows containing duration and distance values for each pair.  The Distance Matrix API has the following limits in place:      100 elements per query.     100 elements per 10 seconds.     2500 elements per 24 hour period.  The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Travel information and accommodation-booking service Travel Australia,hotel,newzealand,travel, Jasons Travel Media is a major distributor of travel information for New Zealand, Australia, and the South Pacific. Site visitors can explore activities and book accommodation as well as read travel articles, check out destination guides, and share experiences through reviews.  Jasons has a Map Helper API that provides developers with programmatic access to information such as the towns in a given area, nearby attractions, and local accommodations.
Social network for artists Social art,social,upload, DeviantART is the largest online social network for artists and art enthusiasts with over 19 million registered members, attracting 45 million unique visitors per month. The site&#039;s social network environment receives over 100,000 daily uploads of original art works ranging from traditional media, such as painting and sculpture, to digital art, pixel art, films and anime.  There are two ways for applications and websites to integrate with deviantART. The oEmbed API, which allows users to display content from deviantART, and the Sta.sh API, enabling submission of creative content to deviantART from any source. Both APIs use HTTP calls and responses can be formatted in XML, JSON and JSONP.
Definitive Global Data. Fast, Rich APIs. Database Data,database,places,product, Factual is an open data platform for application developers that leverages large-scale data aggregation and community exchange. Our focus is on making data more accessible (i.e. cheaper, higher quality, less encumbered) for machines and developers, to drive and accelerate innovation in an unprecedented way. We take on the dirty work of data management and data curation, letting developers focus on higher value and more productive tasks. We provide clean, structured data with complete source transparency to developers via both download and API access on liberal terms.
Recommendations platform Recommendations deadpool,recommendations, Parse.ly is a service and platform for personalized content recommendations. The service uses natural language processing and analyzes reader behavior to produce recommendations. The Parse.ly API provides methods to access the recommendations and integrate them into your site. With them, reader engagement may increase, as you continue to provide users with links to relevant content.
cloud computing integration service Database cloud,database,enterprise, Caspio Bridge is a cloud database platform used to build interactive web applications through point-and-click wizards. Users can build web forms, databases, and other enterprise management applications without the need for programming skills. The Caspio Bridge API allows third-party integration with existing Caspio applications and other cloud services. 
Business intelligence reporting and dashboarding service Enterprise analytics,charts,dashboard,enterprise, The service provides performance tracking, charting, and reporting services with a variety of options for displaying and formatting business intelligence to support decision making. Charts and indicators can be assembled and embedded in multiple ways to meet varying needs for documenting business activity.  API methods support specification of input data sources and display formats, including time scales and user controls for aggregating data or drilling down to greater detail. Methods allow filtering of data to compose varying views for different audiences. 
Location aware social network Social deadpool,location,mapping,mobile,places,social, Gowalla is a location-based social networking service. The Gowalla API is another way to access your Gowalla data ??? one that makes it easy for third-party tools to interact with the service. This allows integration into apps for many platforms, especially useful for iPhone and similar mobile apps.
Small Business Administation Information Transfer Service Database business,database,government,  The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) assists U.S. small businesses with contracts, loans, loan guarantees, counseling sessions and other services. The agency aims to preserve competitive enterprise, strengthen the economy, and help businesses grow. The SBA Content Share API is a module designed to allows users to initiate data transfers from a third-application or browser. The service uses REST calls and will return either XML or JSON. An account is required with service. 
Ordering and inventory management service Shipping Inventory,ordering,pos,shipping, OrderDog provides both retailers and suppliers with ordering, inventory management, and point-of-sale services. OrderDog can automatically sort ordered items from multiple vendors into purchase orders. Its point-of-sale services tie into the OrderDog web database and can track items from the time users order them to when a customer purchases them.  OrderDog provides a SOAP API that allows suppliers to access the OrderDog system to update their product catalogs. Both buyers and suppliers can use the API to get a list of their available products.
Mobile app helpdesk service Answers answers,CRM,helpdesk,mobile,social, Helpdesk is an embeddable support desk designed specifically for native apps. Helpdesk offers developers features such as a searchable FAQ, the ability to privately resolve user issues, a customizable UX to match the look of their app, built in CMS, and the ability to manage multiple apps. The API, accessible via an SDK lets developers show the Helpshift support screen, get notification counts, review requests and more.
Property management platform Project Management project-management,property,realestate, ActiveBuilding is a platform for property management and resident communications. Some features included in ActiveBuilding include maintenance request management and tracking, package tracking, and mass mailing to residents for announcements.  The ActiveBuilding API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ActiveBuilding with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving community information, managing package tracking information, and adding and editing content.
On-Call Alerting and Incident Management Solution Messaging alerts,incident,management,monitoring,on-call,twilio, The PagerDuty integration API allows users to add PagerDuty&#039;s advanced alerting functionality to any system that can make an HTTP API call. PagerDuty is an alerting system for IT professionals. PagerDuty connects with a variety of systems (including monitoring tools and ticketing systems) and dispatches alerts via automated phone call, SMS and email. With the API users can add phone, SMS and email alerting to their monitoring tools, ticketing systems and custom software. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
SMS messaging service Messaging Global,messaging,sms,telephony,turkey, MutluSMS is a messaging service. The site is in Turkish. The API uses a RESTful interface. Programming libraries are available for PHP, C#, VB.NET and Python.
Group communications and collaboration platform Office chat,collaboration,communication,file-sharing,im,office, Hall is a communications platform for organizations, teams, and businesses. Hall offers a variety of communications and collaboration features, such as group chats, file sharing, and instant messaging on multiple platforms.  The Hall API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Hall with other applications, such as Zapier, Zendesk, Github, and Get Satisfaction. The main API method is linking Hall to accounts on these other applications. 
U.S. company stock information Financial enterprise,finance,money, Insights about U.S. company stock, including SEC registration statements, historical financial performances, ratios, stock prices, earnings growth rates, and analytics such as stock price moving averages.
Web site traffic rankings Internet internet,SEO, From their site: The Alexa Top Sites web service provides access to lists of web sites ordered by Alexa Traffic Rank. Using the web service developers can understand traffic rankings from the largest to the smallest sites. The service enables users to page through the list 100 web sites at a time, and by making multiple requests, to retrieve lists of any size - be it the top 1,000, 5,000, or 100,000 web sites. In addition to Alexa Traffic Rank, the information returned for each web site includes the number of page views the site receives per million users, the average page views per user, and the number of Alexa users visiting the site.
WebRTC video and audio services Video audio,video,webrtc, AddLive is a service designed to supplement and extend WebRTC, an emerging open standard for placing high quality video and voice technology directly into web browsers. AddLive provides support for non-WebRTC browsers, native applications, multi-party conferencing, screen sharing, and more. The JavaScript API provided by AddLive enables users to include live video and audio features in their applications.
Distributed user reviews service Social deadpool,reviews,social, From their site: coRank is the first service on the net where you can create your own social news site, social bookmarking network or co-ranking site in just minutes. 
Job board posting service Job Search deadpool,jobs, Service for automating posting of job listings to multiple job sites including Monster, CareerBuilder and HotJobs. NOTE: contact partners@smashfly.com for the api documentation
Live support chat service Enterprise chat,enterprise,support, LivehelpGenie allows users to chat with their site visitors in real time and track visitors&#039; movements across the website. Users can also create and manage canned responses, block unwanted IP addresses, and attach persistent &quot;notes&quot; to visitors in case they return later or need to be transferred to another operator. The live chat feature is fully customizable and brandable. All chats are SSL-encrypted. LivehelpGenie provides a SOAP API for managing users and resellers.
Online and mobile polling service Answers answers,deadpool,polls, GoPollGo is an online and mobile tool for surveys, polls, and gathering opinions and answers from people. GoPollGo can be used with Facebook, Twitter, email, and by embedding links. GoPollGo offers reporting features and answer analysis.  The GoPollGo API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of GoPollGo with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving poll data, posting raw data, and returning embedding links. 
Mobile advertising service Advertising advertising,mobile, The AdMob API allows you to access the campaign, sites and applications data in your AdMob account with a secure programmatic interface. You can build custom applications using the AdMob API to help better manage your mobile business.
EPA event photo album information service Photos europe,parking,photo,transportation, The European Parking Association (EPA) is the umbrella organization for all European parking associations. Its purpose is to facilitate cooperation and information exchange between its member associations and to exert influence on measures and resolutions relating to parking and urban mobility. The EPA maintains an online photo gallery documenting its major events. Developers can retrieve information about the photo albums within this gallery using the SOAP-based Photo Gallery API.
Communications API for voice, SMS and Instant Messaging Telephony cloud,sms,speech,telephony,usa,Voice, Tropo makes it simple to build phone, SMS and Instant messaging applications. You use the web technologies you already know and Tropo&#039;s powerful cloud API to bring real-time communications to your apps.  If you can create a web site, you can make and receive phone calls, use voice recognition, interact over SMS, IM, or Twitter. You can even create conference calls and transcribe calls. There&#039;s no need to learn new languages, wrestle with VoIP software, or learn about telephony. Host your code with us, or use your existing web server in the language of your choice.  Coverage:  usa, canada, australia, austria, belgium, brazil, bulgaria,  croatia, Cyprus, CzechRepublic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, HongKong, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, NewZealand, Norway, Panama, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the uk.
Affiliate Payment Service Payment advertising,affiliate,marketing,payment,sales, RedPass is an affiliate payment service that provides payment, debit, and credit card services for web sites and businesses to pay affiliate marketers around the world. The RedPAss API uses REST calls and allows users to make a number of calls including peer-to-peer transfers, account signup, debug, e-wallet balance, e-wallet statements, sandbox calls, SCI payment, user match, and other calls. An account is required with service. 
Book search and social book services Other books,reference, Use the Goodreads API to get the books on a shelf, get your friends&#039; updates, link to a book by ISBN or other method, get the url for a book or author, get a members&#039; friends, look up a member by email address, and get reviews by ISBN.    The Goodreads API allows developers access to Goodreads data in order to help websites or applications that deal with books be more personalized, social, and engaging. The API can be used in many ways, including:  Review Syndication: Goodreads has 10 million reviews across 700,000 titles. The API lets users display these reviews on their website.  Goodreads Connect: Members can connect to their Goodreads account, and developers have full access to the books, ratings, and reviews the member has in their shelves, as well as the member&#039;s friends. This can be used to personalize an ecommerce store, power recommendations, show a widget of a member&#039;s favorite books, build a mobile or desktop client app, and more.  The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Travel booking service Travel booking,deadpool,hotel,travel, Tourico Holidays is a worldwide wholesale travel provider with more than 150 international distribution websites, more than 23,000 merchant hotel agreements, and operating globally in 23 languages.  Tourico Holidays offers its clients access to multiple products across thousands of vacation destinations around the world. Tourico Holidays??? clients have access via its XML platform to everything the company offers. Full documentation is not publicly available.
Global economic calendars Financial enterprise,finance,money, From their site: This web service provides economic calendars of scheduled Treasury and economic announcements in the Unites States. International economic calendars cover major countries such as Australia, Canada, EU, France, Germany, Great Britain, Italy, Japan and more.
Harvard campus information Education code,education,programming, CS50 is an introductory programming course offered through Harvard University. Instructor David Malan has made avaialable a set of APIs for use with the class. These APIs include the following:  HarvardEnergy - utility information for campus buildings HarvardCourses - course information HarvardEvents  - campus related events information HarvardFood - menus, nutritional facts, portions, and recipe HarvardMaps - campus mapping information HarvardNews - news items HarvardTweets - student tweet information  Shuttleboy - campus shuttle information  The API use RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML, JSON, JSONP, CSV and PHP.
Service and network for open source collaboration  Job Search deadpool,internet,jobs,social, Cofundos helps developers realize open-source software ideas by providing a platform for their discussion development by establishing a process for organizing the contributions and interests of different stakeholders in the idea. It lets you bring project ideas to the site, bid to pay for that project, and then letting community members skilled in that realm offer their services to complete the project for a certain sum of money. Then the project is voted about whether it was successfully completed and then the bid money is given. The site specializes in community innovation and funding. Numerous feeds are available, but there is also a Cofundos API available for use. Send an email to obtain more information. 
Online Flashcard Service Education education,learning,tools, Flashcard Exchange is an online flashcard service, with many different categories and topics. The Flashcard Exchange RESTful API has just now been made public. The API has also been enhanced to provide two way communication with third party applications. 
Provides access to adoptable pet information from thousands of rescues and shelters in the US and Canada. Search adopt,adoptable,adoption,animals,pets,search, RescueGroups.org provides technology solutions for animal rescue and shelter organizations.  RescueGroups.org is different because we are community focused, and do not have any advertising or logo requirements associated with our data sharing.  We provide completely free (no cost and no advertisements or requirements) access to our database of adoptable pets (dogs, cats, horses, rabbits and dozens of additional species) to anyone that wants to promote pet adoption.  RescueGroups.org provides three adoptable pet data APIs:  REST - full download of hundreds of thousands of adoptable pets, descriptions and pictures  SOAP - live queries with a SOAP API (replaced with the json API below)  HTTP/json - live queries with json.  The HTTP/json API provides programmatic access to both public and private data objects including animals, contacts, web pages, events, etc.  Also, the RescueGroups.org HTTP/json API is the only UPDATEABLE rescue/shelter API available.  Our clients and ASPs can build their management systems on top of the RescueGroups.org platform using the updateable API.  Please visit our website for detailed information on our APIs and how to get started.
Name and location mapping service Search geolocation,mapping,places,uk, Unlock places is a digital gazetteer service. Given a place name, it will return a geographic location and a suggested type for the place. Look up a name with a simple HTTP GET request. Get back the results in HTML, XML / KML format (for viewing in a mapping client), in GeoJSON (for use in a Javascript based web application), GeoRSS or plain-text. Searches for names can be limited to a particular space, or filtered by the type of feature.
Flash based multiplayer gaming services Games deadpool,flash,games,social, From their site: Many APIs for gaming: (1) With the Nonoba Multiplayer API, any Flash game developer can easily create a multiplayer flash game. (2) With the Highscores API, we want to encourage competition with our simple yet powerful API for highscores and rankings. (3) Achievements API - achievements are one-time awards that you can give to players whenever they reach a milestone or achieve something difficult within your game. (4) Save the game state with our Data API and we will make sure it&#039;s always accessible for your players, even if they play from another computer.
Library data access Reference books,library,reference,search, The WorldCat Idententies API mines the Worldcat database for individual identities and creates a page for each identity. Response include related ISBN&#039;s or other identifiers, as well as metadata. If you have heard of xISBN, xISSN, or xOCLCnum APIs, this is comprised of those.
Free CAPTCHA service Security captcha,security,spam, RainCaptcha provides anti-spam protection in the form of a CAPTCHA test. The distorted text the test produces is designed to be easy for people to read, but hard for machines to decipher. RainCaptcha requires no registration and is free for both personal and commercial use. It works on any web server and is easy to implement thanks to its reliance on APIs for integration.
Project management and collaboration service Office collaboration,project-management,social, Zoho Projects provides REST style Web APIs that return an XML or JSON document over HTTP.  With this API, users/developers can extend their web applications to push or pull data into or from Zoho Projects for application mashups. As the API is purely HTTP based, your application could be in any of the programming languages like Java, Python, ASP etc., to use the same.  Zoho Projects offers planning and reporting capabilities, and makes the process social by bringing everyone in your project team together and helping them get the project done. 
Research animal genetic data service Science biology,genetics,research,science, The service aggregates genetic data about fly organisms commonly used in biological research: Drosophila, Anopheles and C. elegans. It documents the genomes and protein data for these animals, supporting data mining across domains within biological research.  API methods support submission of queries against the database specifying the animals of interest via constraints such as genus, species, and genetic symbol. Methods also allow control of result sets, including number of results returned and output format.
Online billing service Enterprise billing,invoicing,management, MoneyBird is an online service providing fast and easy billing. You can create, manage and send invoices, but also manage your contacts, send recurring invoices and manage your expenses. PayPal integration available to enable your contacts to pay even faster!
Vehicle fleet tracking service Mapping cars,deadpool,gps,location,mapping, This API allows users to integrate location data from their vehicles into web site(s) and/or data collection infrastructures. Vehiclepath provides GPS fleet tracking services for vehicle fleets. The API currently has two functions:     1. To return the last location of the vehicles associated with your account.    2. Return all locations for a specific vehicle between two dates (maximum 500)  The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
International business information resource Reference business,reference, Tuxx is a Dutch business information resource for professionals worldwide. Tuxx offers an API that exposes some of their information. Currently the API supports two methods, with more expected to go live soon. The API can currently verify the validity of an International Bank Account Number (IBAN) or return ISO 3166 country codes and Dutch and English names for any specified country. 
Dictionary lookup service Reference Dictionary,Thesaurus, Use the Web&#039;s most popular dictionary to look up words within your application. Provides access to the Dictionary.com dictionary, thesaurus, slang, word of the day and more. Only non-commercial applications are allowed and API keys are reviewed.
Group SMS/texting service Chat chat,sms,social, Pulse.to is a group SMS/texting service that allows users to create specific groups of people to communicate with via text messaging. The group texts can be sent either via mobile or from the Pulse.to website. Customers of Pulse.to range from businesses for marketing purposes to sports teams to stay connected.  The Pulse.to API allows developers to integrate Pulse.to&#039;s functionality into other websites. Public documentation is not available, but some example API methods include sending text messages, being notified when messages are received, and sending texts that allow recipients to opt in or buy a service or product. Those interested in this API should email api@pulse.to for more information.
Social network service Social deadpool,opensocial,social, The Google Friend Connect API gives developers an easy way for one-click user authentication using any of Google, Yahoo, AIM, or OpenID accounts. Google Friend Connect APIs enable developers integrate social flows and data directly within a page&#039;s markup, via the OpenSocial standard specification. Integrate existing login systems, registered users, and existing data with new social data and activities. Create social gadgets and services that are embeddable within millions of Friend Connect enabled sites.
Ham radio log creation and analysis service Other radio, Club Log is a free, web-based tool for producing DXCC league tables, expedition tools, log search services, and most-wanted lists for ham radio. It also analyzes radio amateurs&#039; log files, offering a wide range of reports to individual users and identifying large-scale trends based on all activity in the database. Signed-in users can upload, track, and refine their logs and DXing progress more closely. Each participant increases the usefulness of the database and, as a result, helps expeditions plan their future activities. Developers can access Club Log&#039;s information and services programmatically using its REST API.
Sales communication application Enterprise communication,contacts,email,enterprise,leads,sales, Close.io is a sales communication application. Close.io helps salespeople and sales teams keep track of their sales calls and emails and engage with their customers, clients, and leads in one application.  The Close.io API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Close.io with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving leads and contacts, searching, and managing contact information. 
Online bank account validation Financial enterprise,finance, Mosaic BankCheck API is an application programming interface that uses a SOAP interface and allows you to use reliable, on-demand UK sort code and bank account information in your enterprise-wide systems, commercial software and web applications.
Barcode scanning service Tools barcode,scanning,tools, This API is a barcode scanner with one method. The API support JPEG, GIF and PNG images and can read many types of barcodes (UPC-A, UPC-E, EAN-13, EAN-8, RSS14, RSS-Expanded, Code39, Code93, Code128, ITF, QRCode, Data-Matrix, Aztec, PDF417, and Codabar). With the API users can Scan barcodes from their SmartPhone, iPad or PC. The API uses an HTTP call and responses are formatted in JSON.
Project portfolio management services Project Management enterprise,project-management, From their site: With projects and resources as the core data elements in Project Portfolio Management (PPM), it is often necessary to integrate PPM with other applications to fully automate and manage a business process. As a customer of Innotas, you can take advantage of the Innotas API to create integrations. Web Services are included for the following entities: Program, Project, Resource, User, Account, Contact, Task, Timesheet, Request, and Issue.
Restaurant search and review service Food food,menus,newzealand,restaurant, Menumania lets you find restaurants, menus, food photos and reviews in your area.   The MenuMania Developer API is a REST API that allows you to access our extensive database of restaurant information to display within your own website or application. Using the Developer API you can interface directly with the MenuMania database and allow your site visitors or application users to search and view restaurants. Output is in XML or JSON format.
Online retail store Shopping shopping, We&#039;re happy to announce that we&#039;ve launched our public API!  Find out full details at http://developer.zappos.com.  A few of the things you can accomplish with our API:  Search : Leverage Zappos robust product search functionality that includes sorting, filtering, and a deep level of categorization/facets  Products : Pull relevant product details (description, default images, different styles, price)  Images : The full set of images for products (different views, sizes, etc.)  Statistics: Find out what is being bought right now!   Brands: Did you know we carry almost 1000 brands? Get more details on specific brands with this API  Reviews: Zappos has thousands of reviews from our amazing customers. Find out what our customer&#039;s are saying about our products The API will be a REST API.  In this initial release, it will only return JSON but upcoming releases will support XML.
Watch twitters in real time with this live map that dynamically updates to show the latest twitterings. null chat,mapping,messaging, Watch twitters in real time with this live map that dynamically updates to show the latest twitterings.
Semantic Relevance Engine Tools analysis,semantic, Roistr is a semantic relevance engine that can analyze information within a text and help users discover the meaning. The service can cluster or match similar documents and compare them against each other. The Roistr API lets developers integrate the full service with their web site or applications. Responses are formatted in JSON.
Homework submission service Education education,homework, Submit a homework job (high school level or less) with the submitHomework method. The job will be done by one of our team of college graduate students. Check the status of your job with the status method and fetch the solution when it is done with the solution method. Code available on github. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Texas energy market information service Database database,Electricity,energy,texas, The service from the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) monitors electrical power generation activities and provides updates on events likely to affect electricity supply and cost within its service area. ERCOT manages distribution of approximately 85 percent of electric power used in the state. Its information service generates alerts for purchasing utilities and power suppliers alike about trends in the Texas markets.  API methods support access to press reports, estimates of electricity supply and demand for specified time periods, notification of planned and unplanned service disruptions, and related information.
Irish address validation and geocoding service Shipping address,campaign,geocoding,ireland,mail,shipping, The service provides address capture and validation, with format clean-up and geocoding, for locations in Ireland. Autocomplete functions suggest valid choices during user data entry and apply address intelligence routines to capture and correct accurate, valid addresses. The system can be adapted to an application&#039;s address format preferences.  API methods support validation and autocorrection when a user completes data entry, returning status messages, geocoding information, and related application data. Reformat methods modify submitted addresses to match specified configuration options.
Mobile image recognition service Photos image,mobile,photo,recognition,video, Xloudia is an image recognition service for mobile devices, designed for use with augmented reality applications. It can recognize one image out of millions in 0.2 seconds with a false positive rate of less than 1%. It provides excellent tracking capabilities and can adapt to environmental conditions, including clutter and partial occlusion. Xloudia can handle massive database searches and real-time database expansion.  Users can connect Xloudiaa??s data directly to their systems using the REST API. Xloudia&#039;s user dashboard is available in English, Japanese, and French.
Online travel itinerary service Travel travel, The TripIt API allows users to access the TripIt&#039;s information about travel and itineraries. TripIt facilitates integration and organization of travel information from many different sources. The TripIt API allows third parties to easily interface with this platform.
Corporate bond information service Financial financial,stocks, Xignite Global Bond Master provides basic master detail for more than 350,000 European and Asian corporate bonds. The service includes all the basic corporate issue detail including issuer name, coupon rate, maturity date, sector, currency, issuer name and more. The API uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Location based adversting service Advertising advertising,local,location, Neighborhood API provides boundary data defining neighborhood throughout United States. It acts like a location twitter feed, and you can post to neighborhoods and request a neighborhood stream. It also provides a simple Google Maps implementation, which You can see in the map to display and interact with neighborhood boundaries.
Blogging platform Blogging blogging,cms,social, WordPress.com is the hosted version of the popular open source blogging software. WordPress.com exposes site, post, comment, and like data via an REST Application Programming Interface (API) in a JSON format. The OAuth2 protocol is used for authentication.   The standard WordPress XML-RPC API is also supported by WordPress.com using OAuth2 and basic auth.
Blog ping service Blogging blogging,deadpool,germany,ping, BlogPingR is a blog pinging web service that lets users set up their blogs to notify a server when the content has been updated. The API allows users to set up their blog pings with or without an RSS feed. The API uses XML-RPC protocol with responses formatted in XML. The site and documentation are in German.
Local user reviews and city guides Recommendations events,food,local,places, Use the MyCityMate Location API to insert venues, reviews, your present location, and more into your web site, social network, or application. Mycitymate is about finding and sharing the places in cities around the world. With the Mycitymate Location API, you get access to a wide range of rich venue content that you can add to your social network, site, or application. An email address is required to get documentation and access to the API.
Regional Twitter trend statistics service Social international,microblogging,social,trends,Twitter, Twirus offers an API for 3rd parties to find and use data about local and international trends on twitter. Currently popular and trending topics, tags, and posters on twitter can all be viewed. Data can be used on a freely available website with attribution. A license may be obtained for other purposes such as historical statistical analysis.  
Hotel comparison search / aggregator Travel accommodation,api,hotel,lodging,travel, No public API documentation is available for this API, but access to documentation is availabnle when you register to the affiliate program (free). Contact affiliate@hotelscombined.com to apply for access (approval required).   World best hotel metasearch API. Search over 30 booking and hotel chain sites at once with one API. Earn commissions on every quality referral.
Animal identification management service Government animals,deadpool,government, The USDA Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service oversees the Animal Identification Management System (AIMS), which is intended to improve the traceability of U.S. livestock through individual numbering and identification.  The SOAP-based API allows users who have the appropriate clearance within the USDA eAuthentication system to access and obtain secure distribution records of Animal Identification Numbers (AINs), as well as information relating to the movement of registered animals within the United States.
Subscription payment service Payment payment,saas, Spreedly gives web applications an easy way to handle subscription-based services. The service works through many well-known payment gateways, including PayPal and SagePay, to complete fast, secure transactions. The Spreedly API offers the tools to integrate its payment service into websites or apps.
Daily deals aggregation service Shopping coupons,daily,deals,local,retail,shopping, Tippr is a local daily deals aggregation web site. The Tippr API exposes the site data and allows developers to integrate it with their own web sites or applications. Data includes listing of channels and a listing of current offers for a specified channel. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML, JSON and YAML.
Multi room audio system Music device,music, Sonos is a consumer electronics company offering a multi-room audio system that lets users listen to music stored on a computer or the cloud. The Sonos Music API is a web-services API that provides a consistent way for content to be delivered by web-based services and consumed by consumer playback devices. It is designed to support a range of content providers, including on-demand music services as well as internet radio streaming. Technical documentation is not publicly available but developers can obtain access by registering as a Sonos Music Partner.
Mobile backend platform Backend backend,deadpool,mobile, Hoppio is a mobile apps backend provider. With the backend, developers have access to unlimited data storage and user management features such as authorization and authentication. The API provides access to the full functionality of the service. Exposed methods include standard CRUD operations on objects and users, querying of the Hoppio backend, and authentication. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Tarpipe is a social media platform that automates the process of discovering and distributing information on multiple web applications, using a visual, workflow oriented interface. null microblogging,search,social, Tarpipe is a social media platform that automates the process of discovering and distributing information on multiple web applications, using a visual, workflow oriented interface.
Movie database of reviews, trailers, and reference Video actors,movies,plots,video, Update: Data plan now available that includes movie database, release schedule and more. Starting as low as $99.   The FilmCrave API will allow you to reach into our enormous collection of movie reviews, movie ratings, trailers, actors, directors, release dates, and other movie resources. Put our content onto your site. Can be used for small to medium sized websites which lack initial data, in need of movie reviews, or want to be apart of an up and coming social network. If you have a special request for additional data types, let us know. We can customize an API for you.  Update: The free API will not be allowed for Mobile Applications
Network for routes, travels, bikes, cars, and more. Integrated with social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, and Google Maps. null mapping,social,sports, Network for routes, travels, bikes, cars, and more. Integrated with social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, and Google Maps.
Cloud-based storage, sharing, and signing service Storage cloud,documents,file,storage, SurDoc provides a cloud-based storage service that allows users to view, edit, send, share, and even sign their files from anywhere with an internet connection, on any kind of device. A SurDoc account can also be used to continuously and automatically back up an unlimited number of computers. SurDoc works to maintain the confidentiality of user data, storing all documents in an encrypted form so that no one at SurDoc or anywhere else can access users&#039; private documents. Developers can integrate with SurDoc&#039;s functions and access stored files via REST calls.
People search engine Search internet,people,search, Pipl is a search engine that searches for people on the web. Pipl searches in the &quot;deep web&quot; to find more results for people searches.  The Pipl API allows developers to access and integrate the Pipl functionality and data with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include searching for people, searching by phone numbers and other information, and retrieving the search results.
Book search services Reference books,reference,search, Use the Google Book Search Data API to get and modify Book Search content via feeds. Submit full-text searches for books and get book information, ratings, and reviews. Optionally get individual users&#039; library collections and public reviews. Submit authenticated requests to create and modify library collections, ratings, labels, reviews, and more.
Mobile device entertainment data service Entertainment celebrities,entertainment,movies,showtimes,television,tickets, The OnConnect APIs are a suite that provide access to a wide range of data for movies, celebrities and TV for use in mobile apps. The service combines a powerful set of data delivery APIs with world class image hosting. Also included in the suite are online video data APIs to integrate online and over-the-top (OTT) video content and capablities into video product offerings. TMS Image Cloud provides on-demand, web-scale delivery of entertainment images to TMS customers. 
Twitter feed retrieval service Tools feeds,tools, Get My Tweets is a JavaScript-based API that lets users retrieve their tweets and display them on their websites. This API was developed in response to Twitter switching off its old methods for getting Twitter feeds. If developers elect to store the JavaScript code locally, they should follow Get My Tweets on Twitter to keep up-to-date on updates and patches.
Securities holdings database service Financial financial,markets, The XigniteHoldings API gives you access to a complete list of institutional holders of a security as of a specific date. You can search by manager, historical holders and more.
Corporate actions data service Financial financial,stocks, The Corporate Actions service provides current and historic corporate actions data for securities traded on global exchanges. The data that can be accessed includes Mergers & Acquisitions activities, dividend distributions, stock splits, master record changes, and more. This data can be integrated with third party applications. The API uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Fishing access locations for New York Sports fishing,government,sports, Open New York collects and exposes local, state, and federal data. The site hosts a catalogue of datasets organized by location or subject area.  The Open New York Recommended Fishing Rivers and Streams API displays access locations of rivers and streams suitable for fishing. Suitability is determined by fisheries biologists from the New York state Department of Environmental Conservation. The API is accessed through HTTPS. Responses may be JSON, XML, or CSV formatted. 
Personalized restaurant recommendations and photos Food local,personalization,photo,recommendations,restaurant, Dubbed as &quot;Yelp meets Pandora,&quot; the Hoppit API answers the ongoing question &quot;Where should we eat tonight?&quot; by giving you access to the restaurant data used by our award-winning applications, as seen on FOX, CBS, and Mashable. This includes the nation&#039;s largest repository of high-resolution restaurant photography and &quot;Vibe&quot; data, available for 20 U.S. cities. Filter restaurants, bars, and coffee shops by type of Vibe (e.g. Cozy, Hipster, Romantic) and scenario (e.g. with a Date, with a Colleague, with Children), as well as by price, cuisine (e.g. Italian), and meal (e.g. Brunch). Perfect for developers of travel, lifestyle, food, social, local applications who wish to surface the amazing content that Hoppit users interact with every second. Available for New York, Brooklyn, San Francisco, Chicago, Boston, Washington D.C., Los Angeles, San Diego, Seattle, Portland, Houston, Dallas, Austin, Atlanta, Philadelphia, Miami, New Orleans, Las Vegas, and Denver.
Italian securities market information service Financial financial,italy,stocks, The service provides access to data about stocks and other financial assets as well as the companies that issue them. Available data include real-time price quotes for trades on the Borsa Italiana as well as leading international stock exchanges. Data also cover regulatory filings by companies that issue securities and other events such as initial public offerings (IPOs), dividend payments, and shareholder meetings.  API methods support retrieval of price quotes and trading for stocks, bonds, and other financial instruments issued by Italian companies from markets in Italy and elsewhere. Methods also support access to informational filings and event notifications related to security ownership.  
PoxPay lets you pay with your voice through your PayPal account. This is done using voice biometric technology to uniquely identify and authorize purchases you make. null deadpool,payment,sms,telephony, PoxPay lets you pay with your voice through your PayPal account. This is done using voice biometric technology to uniquely identify and authorize purchases you make.
Interface with online marketplace Shopping shopping, Bonanzle is an online marketplace with 2.5 million items available for sale with 100,000 registered users. Bonapitit is a RESTful API that allows developers to write their own applications that interface directly with Bonanzle. Potential uses of Bonapitit could include: Writing a desktop application that allows users to post or edit their items from their computer; Writing a Facebook plugin that grabs all of the items from a user&#039;s friends and displays them in a user&#039;s profile; Integrating the Bonanzle inventory into a flash plugin that displays items into blogs or user websites.
Blog services Blog Search blog,bookmarks,community,news,search, From their site: The myFeedz API helps people to include myFeedz contents into their own websites or applications. You can use the API to perform various queries against our database of articles, displaying what&#039;s hot around the web or exporting pieces from your profile. A couple of use cases that we thought of are: automatic tagger for your blog posts; keep track of your reading interests with a tag cloud of your profile; display a tag cloud for your blog or blogs; display content related to your posts; and display articles from a certain topic.
Directory of 3D printers Tools 3d,3D-printer,directory,print,printer,tools, makexyz is a listing of 3D printers by location. Users can search for 3D printers nearby and owners of 3D printers can list their 3D printers.  The makexyz API allows developers to access and integrate the data and functionality of makexyz with other applications so customers can print their projects on 3D printers. The main API method is uploading projects for printing. 
College admissions prediction service Education admissions,college,deadpool,education, The MyChances API allows sites to provide college admissions predictions. Send (a) the college you want to know about, and (b) information about the student (SAT, GPA, etc). Receive a response giving a 0-100% probability, as well as meta-data about the accuracy, etc.
Chat based live support service Chat chat,customer-service, Kalibera LiveLeader is a live chat based support service. The LiveLeader data export API lets users access historical chat data and integrate it with their own CMS.  Chat data can be searched for by time, user, keyword, location, ISP and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Social promotion and engagement platform Social advertising,contests,engagement,marketing,promotion,social, Hello Social is a social promotion and engagement platform that lets brands and companies engage and interact with their customers and potential customers with social promotions and contests.  The Hello Social API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Hello Social with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing promotions, creating promotions, and managing account information. 
Mobile commerce services Retail coupons,deadpool,mcommerce,mobile,retail,shopping, AisleBuyer is a company that offers mobile commerce products and applications for mobile phones. Features of their products include mobile shopping applications, coupons, promotions, and account management.  The AisleBuyer web API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AisleBuyer products with other applications and to create new applications. Documentation is available with account creation and sign-in.
Database of Wisconsin books and authors Database Authors,books,database,wisconsin, The Wisconsin Center for the Book celebrates the culture of the book by encouraging the joys of reading and writing and by honoring Wisconsina??s literary heritage. Through its API, the Center provides a simple way for developers to access information about Wisconsin books and authors. The API is free and accessible to anyone. Responses may be returned in JSON(P), XML, or PHP format.
Simple online mapping service Mapping display,mapping, From their site: The Google Static Maps API lets you embed a Google Maps image on your webpage without requiring JavaScript or any dynamic page loading. The Google Static Map service creates your map based on URL parameters sent through a standard HTTP request and returns the map as an image you can display on your web page.
Find Professionals - get your job done. Find Web & programming professionals, writing, translation, design, sales, marketing, finance, management, legal, engineering professionals, and more. null jobs, Find Professionals - get your job done. Find Web & programming professionals, writing, translation, design, sales, marketing, finance, management, legal, engineering professionals, and more.
A site monitoring service that will call you if your site goes down. null internet,telephony, A site monitoring service that will call you if your site goes down.
Persian SMS advertisement service Advertising advertising,Iran,messaging,sms, The Panelesms website provides a service for distributing short message service (SMS) advertisements. The Panelesms Send API allows users to send SMS ads or to schedule when they are to be sent. It uses SOAP calls in XML format.  The Panelesms website is provided exclusively in Persian (Farsi).
UK transportation service Transportation government,transit,transportation,travel,uk, Information on all forms of public transport in London, routes, maps, journey planner and online tickets sales. Includes guide to what to see and do and visit. The &#039;Tube this weekend&#039; feed contains information on planned line and station closures for the coming weekend. This allows people to plan their journeys and avoid disruption. Our &#039;station location&#039; feed is a Geo-coded KML feed of most London Underground, DLR and London Overground stations. The findaride KML feed contains details of licensed London minicab and other private hire operators. It is based on the same database as the award-winning &#039;Cabwise&#039; service. 
Geolocation based ads Advertising advertising,deadpool,geocoding, Target advertising and services to website visitors based on their geographical location. 
A desktop Twitter client for Windows. Uses Chirpio for anti-spam and Yahoo Map Image for geo data and its own internal API for finding people to follow. null deadpool,mapping,messaging,social,Twitter, A desktop Twitter client for Windows. Uses Chirpio for anti-spam and Yahoo Map Image for geo data and its own internal API for finding people to follow.
Read-Only API for MyBikeLane and UncivilServants Database Government bike,deadpool,government,travel, MyBikeLane is a site that documents cars parking illegally in bike lanes. Its sister site, UncivilServants, tracks other types of illegally parked cars, including those by government workers. The MyBikeLane.com API is a read-only tool for accessing the data stored on the MyBikelane.com and UncivilServants.org database. Request supported cities, then retrieve posts, violations, permits and agencies. The API uses simple HTTP query strings to request data and the data is returned in either JSON (default) or XML format. 
SMS Messaging Service Messaging Global,messaging,sms,telephony,text, The GroupTexting API allows users to add text messaging to their applications. Group Texting uses long codes to let users send text messages from their computer using a browser. Shared long codes (aka long numbers / DIDs) and dedicated codes are available. The API also offers features such as checking & buying credits, checking, buying & configuring keywords, managing contacts and more. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted as TXT.  Coverage in 160 countries. 
User geographical positioning service Mapping deadpool,geolocation,mapping,mobile, The Google Gears Geolocation API  enables a web application to:  - Obtain the user&#039;s current position - Watch the user&#039;s position as it changes over time - Quickly and cheaply obtain the user&#039;s last known position  The Geolocation API uses several JavaScript methods as part of the Google Gears browser extensions.
Oregon liquor price data Food alcohol,food,oregon,prices,retail, Oregon Liquor Prices provides comprehensive liquor price data pulled directly from the Oregon Liquor Control Commissiona??s database. The Oregon Liquor Prices API provides developers with a free RESTful interface to access the Oregon Liquor Control Commissiona??s liquor and store metadata. 
Mapping API abstraction layer Mapping display,mapping, Mapstraction is a library which provides a common API for Google, Yahoo! and Microsoft&#039;s javascript mapping APIs to enable switching from one to another as smoothly as possible. The aim of Mapstraction in mainly to protect companies building commercial products on top of Google Maps from changes to terms and conditions, the introduction of ads, or the emergence of a competing library with better maps, different imagery or preferable licensing terms. 	 Mapstraction additionally fills some holes each provider&#039;s current offerings (taking advantage of existing open source solutions where possible) to normalise the feature set across platforms. In the future, Mapstraction will also talk to OpenStreetMap for people who want to build maps without restrictions on derived works.
Data logger products Weather deadpool,energy,environment,green,weather, Onset Computer Corporation is a producer of data loggers with over 30 years of experience. Their battery-powered ???HOBO??? data logger products measure and record temperature, humidity, light, energy, and a variety of other parameters.   The HOBOlink??? Web Services API enables organizations to integrate energy and environmental data from Onset HOBOlink web servers with custom software applications. It will be utilized by a range of users, from building energy dashboard suppliers to developers looking to embed real-time weather data from Onset HOBO??? U30 monitoring systems into web-based portals.   The HOBOlink Web Services API uses both SOAP and REST protocols. Responses can be formatted in CSV or SensorML (Sensor Model Language) format. The provider must be contacted for full documentation.
Nigerian bulk SMS service Messaging messaging,nigeria,sms, BulkSMSVilla is a bulk SMS service based in Nigeria that offers two-way SMS communication. Its SMS gateway connects to more than 700 GSM and CDMA mobile network operators worldwide. The BulkSMSVilla API enables users to send and receive messages via REST calls and can also be used to check account balances.
Get addresses from postcodes Reference business,postal, The Postcode IT web service provides functions to obtain address(es) from postcodes. To keep the method calls tidy, the service makes use of SoapHeaders. Set up your SoapHeader with your CustomerId, LicenceKey and MachineId.  
SMS messaging service Telephony canada,mobile,sms,telephony,usa, The Matrix SMS Gateway API allows for integration with various front-end and legacy systems. Matrix SMS Gateway for group messaging provides businesses a hosted messaging platform to add SMS capability to any system, application or website. The APIs offer users a choice of connection options (HTTP, HTTPS, SMTP) that are flexible and will fit many kinds of usage. API functionality includes sending SMS and voice messages, querying message status and cellular carrier lookup. Responses can be formatted in XML or JSON.
Academic admissions services Enterprise applications,education, AdmitPad is an enterprise iPad application that streamlines the university admissions process. The AdmitPad API allows 3rd party developers to expand and build on the AdmitPad platform. With the API, users can reassign applications and get all application response data from reviewers, upload new applicants or retrieve a list of applications. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Online storage services Storage storage, Since 2006 Amazon Web Services has been offering web services commonly known as cloud computing. AWS Provides a reliable, low cost infrastructure platform that powers hundreds of thousands of businesses.  Amazon S3 API, the Simple Storage Service provides a simple web services interface used to store objects using the Amazon online storage infrastructure. Users can then download the data or use the data with other AWS services, such as Amazon Elastic Cloud Computer (EC2). Using this web service, developers can build applications that make use of Internet storage.   The API uses Buckets, Objects, Keys and Operations. An object has four parts: value, key, metadata, and an access control policy. Objects are stored in buckets. The API is available in both REST and SOAP protocol. Responses are formatted in XML.
Online payment service Payment ecommerce,payment, UberGlobal Payment Gateway is an Australian ecommerce payment service that allows merchants to securely complete transactions through their online store. The service also offers real-time analytics to help merchants better understand their business and follow transactions in real time.  The UberGlobal Payment Gateway provides a REST API for the integration of UberGlobal Payment services into third-party application. API methods include Purchases, Tokenization, and Refunds. Responses are returned in JSON and authentication is provided via HTTP Basic Authentication.
Swedish real estate portal Real Estate property,realestate,search,sweden, Booli is a Swedish real estate search portal. The booli API allows developers to connect programmatically with boolis data. The API is RESTful and returns JSON formatted data.
Realtime device and buildings monitoring  Other device,realtime,sensors,things,tools, Pachube enables you to store, share and discover real-time sensor, energy and environment data from buildings or other devices. Pachube provides most of its functionality through its API, rather than through its web site. Plug-in to participating projects in real time so that, for example, buildings, interactive environments, networked energy meters, virtual worlds and mobile sensor devices can all talk to each other. Real-time data available. Pachube makes use of Extended Environments Markup Language (EEML), which extends the construction industry protocol IFC.
Federal jobs and employment information listings Job Search government,job-search,jobs, USAJOBS, under the umbrella of the United States Office of Personnel Management (OPM), is the Governmenta??s official program for Federal jobs and employment information. OPM maintains the USAJOBS API, with the intent of broadening the reach of USAJOBS to commercial job boards, social media outlets, and mobile apps. Both REST and SOAP based APIs are available.
Travel tour booking service Travel booking,travel, Rezgo is tour operator software designed for companies who run tours, activities, and attractions. Many of the companies using Rezgo for their on-line bookings include: whale watching tours, river rafting, kayaking tours, bicycle tours, city guided tours, bus tours, boat tours, helicopter tours, special events, and more. Rezgo helps tour operators organize their tours and gives them all the tools they need to accept bookings on-line. As a tour operator system, Rezgo helps tour operators increase their on-line bookings while keeping them organized and reducing their administrative burden and costs.  Rezgo supports inventory management, real-time availability, rich media (like photos & videos), pricing & availability rules, on-line vouchering, and even 2D mobile barcode scanning.
Real estate rental market information service Real Estate property,realestate,rental, RentMetrics provides real estate professionals with data and analyses that can help them understand the residential rental market in a given area. Users can view rental data on a map or download the information as an Excel file. RentMetrics provides accurate and detailed information for individual properties that can be used to get a more complete perspective on prices. The RentMetrics API enables users to create reports and applications that incorporate its rental data.
Christian social networking service Social deadpool,religion,social, Christianchirp is a Christian social networking service. They describe themselves as &quot;the Christian Alternative to Twitter.&quot;  The Christianchirp API allows users to retrieve messages (both public and direct), send messages, add friends, and edit or delete messages, profiles, and friends within the Christianchirp network. 
Car rental service Transportation cars,rental,transportation, CarTrawler&#039;s solutions suite, known as Accelerate, is the leading car rental distribution system for direct connection to leading and independent suppliers. Customers can choose from a database of car rental suppliers (over 550 car rental suppliers in 175 countries, in 25,000 city and airport locations in 29 languages and multiple currencies). The car rental content can be integrated into the customer&#039;s website via the OTA (Open Travel Alliance) XML API. This enables customers to maintain brand identity. Public documentation is not available.
Online document collaboration service Internet collaboration,documents,internet, The Crocodoc API lets developers integrate the document viewer and markup tools within their web application. Crocodoc takes PDFs, Word documents, and PowerPoint presentations, and lets users view and mark them up online. Documents can be shared with others, who can collaboratively highlight or strikeout text, add notes and comments, and make revisions. All files are stored securely on our servers, and can be password protected and encrypted for maximum security. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
Insane Clown Posse fans social network Social deadpool,fan,music,social, JuggaloBook is a social network for fans of the hip-hop group, Insane Clown Posse. JuggaloBook has many features of other social networks, such as photo albums, status updates, and friend interaction.  The JuggaloBook API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of JuggaloBook with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving friend lists, uploading photos, and managing account information.
In-car programmable GPS navigation system Tools cars,deadpool,hardware,LBS, Note: API announced May 2008. Coming soon.
Photo album retrieval service Photos photo,social, The Jonathan Club is a private social club located in California. Their website hosts a photo album, which is not available to the general public. The Photo Album API enables users to load all or some of the images from the photo album onto their own websites. This API is accessible via SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Community traffic watch initiative Travel community,crowdsourcing,deadpool,safety,traffic,travel, TrafficViolators.com is a citizenship initiative dedicated to making the roads safe in various metros. Users can observe any traffic violation, note the registration number of the vehicle, visit the site and enter the details of the violation. TrafficViolators makes an API available to let users enter traffic violations from outside of the web site. The API also lets users get the 20 most recently submitted violations and a list of the top 5 violators. It uses REST and SOAP protocol with responses formatted in XML and JSON.
Data and analytics visualization service Tools analytics,dashboard,Data,tools,tracking,visualization, Leftronic provides tools and applications for data visualization. Some features include template dashboards for viewing data, data tracking visualization tools, and integration with other applications and services where data is.  The Leftronic API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data from Leftronic with other applications. Some example API methods include pushing data to the dashboard, editing file information, and managing account information. 
Email and file migration service Email email,migration,tools, The Google Apps Group Migration API allows developers to migrate emails and files from email distribution lists and public folders to Google Group discussion archives. The API&#039;s main method is uploading and migrating emails and files to the archive. 
Linked Data hosting platform Database linkeddata,rdf,SPARQL,web3, The Talis Platform is open to any software developer and easily programmed using a Web API. Data is held in a reliable and safe environment and the API enables development of a vast range of information rich applications. The Platform works like a shared database capable of storing and searching both content and RDF metadata. Because the Platform infrastructure is shared every customer can immediately benefit from any improvements we make in performance or capacity. We continually improve the Platform and release new versions every month without disrupting or degrading service to applications relying on it. This means application developers can forget about downloading and upgrading and concentrate user experience and value.  Data held in the platform is organised into &quot;stores&quot; which can be individually secured if need be. Any kind of content can be added to a store along with arbitrary RDF metadata. The content and metadata becomes immediately accessible over the Web and discoverable using both SPARQL and a free text search system with built in ranking of results according to relevance to the search terms. RDF provides a powerful and flexible data model which encourages linking and sharing of data and dramatically reduces the complexity of data integration. Because each store provides a uniform Web API regardless of the type of data it holds the Talis Platform gives unparalleled opportunities for reuse and remixing of data. The uniform Web API allows applications to easily search multiple stores of data, and the use of RDF enables the application to interpret and use the results with very little effort. This means that developers using the Talis Platform benefit immediately from an ecosystem of data and services that enable rapid development of applications with a strategy to continually evolve and improve them as they incorporate new types and sources of data. 
Database management service Database database,deadpool,management,query,SQL, DbApi allows users to access their SQL databases via a web interface. With the API users can manage their DB queries and credentials and then execute them. Functionality includes storing query templates and DB access information; execute queries using variables; sharing queries with collaborators and more. The API uses HTTP calls and responses can be formatted in JSON and CSV. 
eReader web application for PCs, tablets, and smartphones Tools books,cloud,ereader,metadata,tools, Valobox is a web application that stores books in the cloud, making them instantly available to read on PCs, tablets, and smartphones. Valobox offers reading and discovery enhancement tools such as full-text search, annotation, and bookmarking and bookmark sharing.  Valobox exposes its platform through an API. The API includes public endpoints for querying and fetching book metadata, or interacting with embedded books, as well as private endpoints allowing publishers to publish and update titles, view and edit metadata, and retrieve analytics data.
Helsinki geocoding services Mapping finland,geocoding,mapping, The City of Helsinki provides a Geocoder API that allows users to access geospatial information relevant to the Helsinki metropolitan area. This API uses REST calls issued in JSON format to give developers access to its functions. Currently, it offers functions for converting from addresses to coordinates, converting from coordinates to addresses, searching for points of interest, and looking up city plans and districts. A demo portal is provided so that users can try the service out on the website.
Date converter from Gregorian to POEE calendar Calendar calendar,deadpool,religion, The Discordian API converts dates from the Gregorian calendar to the Semi-Divinely Revealed POEE calendar. The Gregorian calendar (also called the Western or Christian calendar) is the internationally accepted civil calendar. The Semi-Divinely Revealed POEE calendar is used by adherents of the Discordian religion. The Discordian API operates over SOAP protocols.
Local Arizona weather information service Weather government,weather, The City of Tempe, located in Arizona, provides site visitors with a Local Weather service. The station that gathers the data is located at the west end of Tempe Town Lake, and the weather data is updated every ten minutes. This information can be viewed directly through the website or retrieved programmatically using the Local Weather SOAP API.
Plagiarism detection service Tools education,germany,plagiarism,tools, Docoloc is a plagiarism detection service that searches papers for text fragments that also occur in other documents. Users can create an account with Docoloc and upload documents in PDF, Microsoft Word, OpenOffice, RTF, HTML, or plain text formats to be reviewed by Docoloc&#039;s software and databases. Docoloc will then notify users of any plagiarism, copyright infringement, quotations, or other sources for the document at the user&#039;s account, email address, or both. The Docoloc website is available in both German and English.
Micropayments via SMS services Payment Global,mobile,payment,sms,telephony, From their site: Zaypay makes international micropayments through SMS, phone calls and other alternative pay methods a piece of cake. With its free service a micropayment can be integrated into your website for just minutes of your time. Using our API enables your application to talk with Zaypay directly, and allows Zaypay to talk back to your application.
Application building platform Backend application,baas,backend,mobile,platform, Precog is an application building platform. Precog&#039;s APIs allow developers to access the functionality of Precog to build, support, store, and analyze features and applications. Some of the API methods include managing jobs, user account management, and retrieving lists and specified paths.
Library data access Reference books,reference,search, Open Library is an open, editable library catalog, building towards a web page for every book ever published. To date, we have gathered about 30 million records (13.4 million are available through the site now), and more are on the way. A project of the Internet Archive.   Allows interaction with book records, cover images, subject listings, and more for Open Library, an open, editable library catalog, building towards a web page for every book ever published. Methods allow retrieval of book records, cover images, subject headings, and user lists as well as search-inside and even reading online.
Local search engine serving Norway, Sweden, and Denmark Search business,directory,lookup,private,research,search, Intouch is a service of Eniro, a local search engine serving the Nordic region and Poland. Intouch is a pay service using Eniroa??s database to provide information about individuals, businesses and government organizations. The Intouch API allows customer applications to search for companies and people in Norway, Sweden and Denmark, using an array of search parameters. Available data types include addresses, map data, legal data, employment and service position data, and more. 
Licensed photography platform Photos photo,stockphoto, Getty Images is a major provider of stock and entertainment photography. Getty sells licenses for photo usage, including royalty-free photos (which still have an initial fee). The Getty Images Connect API allows developers to search photos, authenticate Getty Images users, access photos owned by the authenticated user and retrieve download authorizations.
Web App for Shipping Shipping Service,shipping, Postmaster is a modern, RESTful API for shipping packages on the web. Ship through multiple vendors (UPS, Fedex, and USPS). Track packages and get event callbacks on exceptions. Validate addresses and schedule pickups.
Business card generator services Enterprise enterprise, From their site: Generates and sends virtual business cards from an HTTP request. Specify your vCard information and send it using HTTP POST or GET. Our system will create the vCard and transmit it to its destination.
Tweet management and scheduling service Social scheduling,social,Twitter, Buffer is a service that allows users to manage and schedule their tweets throughout the day. Users add tweets to their &quot;Buffer,&quot; and Buffer schedules them to go out regularly throughout the day.  The Buffer API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Buffer with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving user and profile information, creating and managing updates, and accessing the sent and pending updates.
Restaurant and venue photo service Photos food,image,photo,restaurant, Lvvki provides images of restaurants and venues in various cities. Photographers can upload and sell their photos to Lvvki and publishers can purchase the images for use.   The Lvvki API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and photos of Lvvki with other applications. The Lvvki API returns restaurant and venue information by high-level tags, such as &quot;exterior&quot; and &quot;interior.&quot; Full public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact info@lvvki.com for more information. 
Social microblogging platform Social microblogging,social, Sohu.com is a multiservice Chinese online media network. It provides news, entertainment, and more social/web 2.0 services to a huge user base. This API is gives developers access to their microblogging service. It is RESTful and provides JSON and XML responses to queries about user profiles, social networks, and other data. Functionality for messaging, tweeting, and posting statuses is also provided. The API documentation is translated into English, but most pages are in Chinese.
Belgian academic publication repository Science belgium,education,science, Lirias is an archive of publications and linked files authored by researches affiliated with KU Leuven, a Dutch-speaking university in Belgium. This structured repository captures, stores, indexes, and distributes these digital research materials in an open and accessible manner. Developers can access the archive programmatically via SOAP API.
GPS location identification using words Mapping gps,location,mapping, what3words allows users to pinpoint any location on the globe using a unique 3-word combination. This allows users to relay exact (to 2 meters) locations to others in a format that is easier to remember than GPS coordinates. Users can access this functionality from their own applications using the free what3words API. The words used to label locations can be in English, Spanish, or Russian.
Social networking and media management Social deadpool,photo,social,video, Multiply is a social networking site that offers users media management capabilities. Users can share and store photos and videos and have access to tools for turning photos into print products such as cards, calendars and more. The RESTful API allows users to access features of Multiply such as reading inbox messages, listing contacts and checking for media. Data is returned as either XML or JSON.
User-targeting service Internet advertising,analytics,deadpool,internet, The Lookery API accesses an advertising and user-targeting network. Lookery aims to provide a service that accurately describes the demographic profile of every user on every webpage.   Using Lookery API&#039;s, your site or application can now display some of Lookery&#039;s most powerful data.
Collection of classic novels Other books, Contained within the Penguin Classics API are 48 of the best novels ever written in the English Language. Full text of universally loved classics such as Jane Eyre, Dracula, and Great Expectations are at your fingertips. Enhance your application with interesting plots or create a new storytelling experience, the possibilities are endless!  The Pearson Penguin Classics API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Pearson Penguin Classics with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving books, retrieving book information, getting author information, and searching books and authors. 
SMS messaging service Messaging messaging,sms,telephony,usa, Using the API developers can create their own messaging applications with the language of their choice following the guidelines below. To send a message, data is posted over HTTP to SMS Everywhere Servers. SMS Everywhere lets users send text messages (SMS) to covered cell phones in the USA as well as receive replies. Users can try the API by using the demo keys. Usage of demo keys is limited to 5 messages/hour, and no more than 30 messages total. Complete documentation is not available publicly. 
Integrate email mailboxes into apps Email email, Mailgun provides a web-service email API for integrating mailboxes into apps. Users can build apps that send, receive, store, search and forward emails in real time using a combination of standard protocols like SMTP, POP3, IMAP and a HTTP REST API. The major functions of the API include: creating mailboxes, sending, receiving and forwarding emails, and email deliverability. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Job search and recruiting service for freelancers Job Search jobs,recruiting, From their site: &quot;The Freelancers API lets users access public information on Freelancer.com programmatically. Such information has to be used in accordance with the Freelancer.com and Affiliate Program Terms of Service. Allowed uses include displaying open public projects or information from user profiles on affiliate websites with appropriate links to Freelancer.com projects or profiles. This information will be useful for all Freelancer.com members. Users who are experienced in programming will be able to create their own widgets with a large degree of flexibility (see API calls). Less experienced users can simply paste the code given in the examples on their web page to enjoy the benefits of our web widgets.&quot;
Brazilian real estate service Real Estate brazil,realestate, Rio Branco Imobiliaria (trans. Rio Branco Real Estate) is a Brazilian Real Estate company. Its API allows users to search the site for available properties. Users can search by country, state, city, neighborhood, price range, and transaction type (sale or rent). The Rio Branco website is provided only in Portuguese.
Web application testing and bug detection service Tools bug,Detection,security,testing,tools, BugBuster is a web application testing solution. BugBuster provides automatic exploration and an API to allow developers to automatically scan and detect bugs in their web applications.  The BugBuster API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of BugBuster with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. 
Website content and data scraper Tools content,Data,internet,tools, Web Scrape Master provides an API for retrieving data and content from websites on the internet. The API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Web Scrape Master with other applications. The main API method is retrieving data and content from specified websites.  
Photo and news analysis service Photos news,photo, 10x10 (&#039;ten by ten&#039;) is an interactive exploration of words and photos based on news stories during a particular hour. The 10x10 site displays 100 photos, each photo representative of a word used in many news stories published during the current hour. The 10x10 site maintains an archive of these photos and words back to 2004. The 10x10 API is organized like directories, with the year, month, day and hour. Retrieve the words list for a particular hour, then get the photos that correspond to those words.
3D model fabrication service Utility 3d,modeling,printing, Sculpteo is an online 3D printing service. Users upload a 3D printed model and Sculpteo ships a 3D object. Sculpteo supports files from most 3D modeling softwares and keeps shapes, colors, and textures as designed. Objects are available in a variety of materials. The Sculpteo API provides developer access to Sculpteo functionality through HTTP POST calls. Supported processes include uploading files and ordering designs. Responses and progress tracking are JSON formatted. 
Mobile content service Internet deadpool,internet,mobile,telephony, The Orange Instant Mobeasy Platform API optimizes user experience by allowing you to deliver custom mobile-friendly web pages to any mobile device.   The Mobeasy Platform transforms web pages, making them suitable for the destination device. Using the platform, developers can publish mobile-friendly web pages and adapt them to the intended mobile device, dynamically adapt the content of the pages, including pictures, and re-direct non-mobile users to the equivalent desktop version of the web page.  Useful given the wide range of devices which are presently available on the mobile handset market.
Geocoding service Mapping address,geocoding,mapping,places, The Bing Maps Geocode API can be used to get location information associated with map coordinates. The API also provides functionality to get coordinates for a location based on values such as postal code and address and also get coordinates for a location provided in a query string. The API uses both REST and SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Electronic signature service Security esignature,security, e-SignLive provides a comprehensive set of electronic signature methods that clients can use to secure their online operations and interactions with third parties. Their services can be used to secure and maintain a web portal, allowing users to sign in anywhere from any web-enabled device without installing software. Log files and watermarks help to secure other digital assets such as digital contracts or documents.  e-SignLive offers a web service API via REST that allows for third party integration of their electronic signature and security capabilities. A variety of file types can be secured using their API, including .DOC and .PDF, which can be accessed and verified using variety of sign-in methods. At a minimum, the API is secured with a username and password, though other forms of authentication are available based on user needs.
App Store Analytics Advertising analytics,Annie,app,mobile,store, AppAnnie is a App store market data provider that tracks info on assorted apps to help developers figure out target markets and do intensive market research before and during app development. The AppAnnie API includes a Data, Meta-data,  and Account APIs that  all users to query for app sales, app ranks, app reviews, app ratings, app features, app details, platform lists, country lists, category lists, currency info, feed info, and other information.  The API uses REST calls, returns XML or JSON, and uses SSL for all calls. An account is required with service. 
Carnegie Mellon University course and schedule information Education campus,education,university, ScottyLabs is an interdisciplinary student organization at Carnegie Mellon University dedicated to connecting students with technological tools to encourage innovation. ScottyLabsa?? APIs@CMU project was initiated to provide developer access to structured, on-campus data. The API currently allows developers to access course scheduling information. The API is able to filter results by department, semester, or course. 
Social analytics platform Social advertising,analytics,enterprise,marketing,social, Bottlenose is a live social intelligence platform. Bottlenose has features to analyze activity across all the major social networks. Users can use it to search, monitor, analyze, target, and engage audiences in real-time.   The Bottlenose API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Bottlenose with other applications and create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: http://bottlenose.com/developer/signup.
IP address lookup services Internet geolocation,internet,IP, From their site: MaxMind GeoIP is a collection of APIs for looking up the location of an IP address. It includes support for lookup of country, region, city, latitude, and longitude. We offer both GeoIP and Credit Card Fraud Detection web services. There are no databases or software to install.
Internet monetization services Advertising advertising,affiliate,SEO,shopping, zanox Web Services enables developers to access zanox infrastructure and services. With the API, you can enhance your advertising solutions and monetize your applications. The zanox company focuses on search engine marketing, e-mail marketing, international campaigns, and portals/content sites. The zanox vision relates to monetizing the Internet with a business alliance where everyone is a winner.
Ecommerce Shop Creation Service Shopping ecommerce,ratings,reviews,shopping,social, LemonStand is an ecommerce shop creation site that aims to provide an easy and accessible way to sell things online. The LemonStand API allows users to implement custom features as well as utilize the advanced LemonStand engine in third party applications. Using the API, users can make calls to output content such as products, navigation, categories, blog posts, and other items along with product rating information,  and news reviews. 
Turn email addresses and social media profiles into complete contacts. Social append,contacts,CRM,enrichment,social, FullContact provides a suite of tools to support individuals, businesses, and developers in managing and enhancing their contact data.  The FullContact Person API allows customer application to lookup information about a specific person  by passing data associated with that persona??s email address, phone number, Twitter, Facebook, or vCard.
Travel search and booking service Travel adventure,booking,travel, AdventureLink is a service for finding and booking trips, such as vacation excursions. Trips are selected from top operators and organized for users. Community features allow users to share trips, ideas, advice, and media from past trips with friends and fellow travelers. The API allows developers to integrate trips and book reservations via their applications or web sites. It uses RESTful calls with responses formatted in XML and JSON.
API resource website & service News blog,news,resource,technology,trends, API Evangelist is an online resource and blog about APIs, the API industry, API trends, and everything else APIs.  The API Evangelist API allows developers to access and integrate the content of API Evangelist with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving APIs and API providers, searching and adding events, and retrieving blog posts from the website&#039;s blog.
Mashup creation tool extensions API Tools deadpool,tools, NOTE: As of January 2009, this service and API are being discontinued by Google.  Google Mashup Editor (GME) includes a JavaScript API that gives you direct access to the document object model (DOM) via JavaScript. This API lets you use JavaScript to perform operations that duplicate and go beyond the features available in the GME tags. The API is useful when you want to access an object in the application from a JavaScript expression. You can also use the API to perform CRUD operations (create, read, update, delete) on entries in a data feed.
GPS data sharing service Mapping gps,GPX,kml,location,mapping,sports, Breadcrumbs allows users to manage and play back their GPS tracks in a 3D world using the Google Earth plug-in, plus the ability to seamlessly upload and geo-tag photos and videos.   The API allows to plug into Breadcrumbs to  * upload new tracks to a user * retrieve tracks including photos  * upload photos to a track * search after tracks by location and activity 
SEO management tools Internet internet,search,SEO, My SEO Tool provides Search Engine Optimization tools including client management, data reporting, automated PDF reports, and client interface branding. The My SEO Tool API provides developers with a RESTful interface for integrating My SEO Tool into applications and websites. API calls include the ability to automatically login users, access metrics, create backlinks, and create users. Responses are JSON formatted.
SMS services for India Messaging bulk,india,marketing,messaging,sms, MySMSmantra.com, part of Micronet Infocom and Logistics, provides SMS services with a focus on SMS marketing in India. MySMSmantra.com offers customers an API able to send SMS, generate reports, check account balances, and change passwords.
Natural language voice activation for applications Utility natural-language,Siri,talk,utility,Voice,voice-activated, Ask Ziggy is a service that allows developers to integrate natural language voice commands to applications. Ask Ziggy include voice-to-text functionality, voice-activated commands, and can be used across multiple platforms.   The Ask Ziggy API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Ask Ziggy with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include adding applications, creating events, and managing actions. 
Online payment service Payment enterprise,finance,payment, The Payflow Pro API enables users to develop Web and desktop applications that create, schedule, and run standard (pre-defined) and custom Payflow services reports. Payflow Pro is a flexible payment gateway solution that can be used with any internet merchant account to process credit card transactions online. With the API, developers can choose add-on services like recurring billing and fraud protection, and also set up standard and custom reports. The API uses RESTful and SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML, JSON or NVP.
Invoice creation and management service Financial billing,ecommerce,financial,loans,payment, Bilbus is an e-invoicing/financing solution that allows users to monitor what their customers owe as well as set up loan services for managing unexpected monetary gaps. Users can arrange financial service connections from Bilbus matched commercial lenders in the Bilbus Working Capital Hub.  The SOAP based API features returns in XML and allows third party applications access and the ability to manipulate invoice data stored within Bilbus as well as customer information. Calls include: Create/Update customer. Fetch customer (according to filter setting), Create/Update invoice. Fetch invoice (according to filter setting)
Symbol based watchlist management Financial financial,stocks, The WatchLists web service provides for the management of symbol-based watchlists allowing users access of personal lists. The service allows users to maintain a list of symbols, interest rates, equities and more. Functionality includes standard CRUD operations on watchlists, list items, list rates and list currencies. The API uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Real-time smartphone messaging service Messaging messaging,mobile,sms, XMS is a smartphone app that provides free, real-time, unlimited messaging over the user&#039;s internet connection. Users can send messages containing text, images, videos, locations, emoticons, and other content. XMS supports both individual and group messaging. Developers can integrate XMS into their applications by using XMPP (formerly known as Jabber).
US geocaching database Games games,geo,geolocation,gps, Opencaching.us is the official Opencaching site for North America and all US Territories. Users can add to the site&#039;s database of cache including descriptions and instructions necessary to find them. Users can also can organize their favorite caches, build custom searches, be instantly notified of new caches, seek and create caches of all types, export GPX queries and more. This data can be accessed via an API. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
voice calling in social networks Social facebook,social,telephony,Twitter,Voice, Enables mobile voice calling within social networks. Authenticates devices to linked Facebook, Twitter, iTunes users via social network user accounts, allowing users to opt-in to calls to/from linked users, set up &quot;TalkSpace&quot; voice conferences, leave voicemail. Phone number remains anonymous because authentication uses social network accounts.
Voice-to-text service Tools deadpool,recognition,speech,tools,Voice, PhoneTag API empowers developers to transcribe voice into text. Upload a sound file (wav, mp3 or gsm) and receive text in return. Supports automatic transcription, human transcription, as well as a hybrid of the two.
Photo sharing for the Foursquare service Photos deadpool,photo,social, The Fspic API is for developers who want to integrate a photo sharing service into their desktop and mobile Foursquare applications. The API is not from Foursquare, but is an independent service.
Video sharing service Video video, GarageTV is a Dutch site for uploading, sharing, finding and watching videos of all kinds. The GarageTV API provides developers with the opportunity to create new interfaces to the GarageTV functionality. You can search, rate and comment on videos. Also, when authenticated, your applications can upload new videos to the site.
Persistent chat, video conferencing, and filesharing service Chat chat,file-sharing,video, Ninchat is a persistent chat service that also provides live video meetings and filesharing functions. The chat always stays on, even when the user is not online, and maintains an unlimited message history. Users can have multiple channels for people, interest groups, or work groups, each with its own web address and message history. Users can opt to receive notifications any time their name or a specified word is mentioned in a channel. Ninchat users can hold video or audio meetings with up to 12 speakers and unlimited viewers.  Ninchat provides a REST API that allows developers to create custom clients, functionalities, or bots for the service.
Profile removed Other  This profile has been removed, please visit: http://www.programmableweb.com/api/alchemyapi
Media showcase widget Widgets flash,widges, The Cooliris API allows users to embed the Cooliris Wall on their website using JavaScript. The Cooliris Wall is a tool for showcasing a large amount of media content at once in a visually pleasing way. The Wall is highly customizable and requires no additional plugins to use or to view.
Anti-spam web service Security bot,Comments,forum,security,spam, BotSmasher is a web service that aggregates data from five anti-spam resources to verify if IP addresses, email addresses, and names are from legitimate human users. BotSmasher protects against comment spam, forum spam, fraudulent registrations, and other illegitimate actions. The BotSmasher allows registered users to automate the services anti-spam measures, as well as submit information on potential bots.
Museum mapping service Education directory,education,museums,places, The Muselia API can be used to display information on up to 99 museums in an area on your own web site. The information about museums can be used to enrich your art related sites, hotels and tourist sites.  Muselia is a global directory of museums. Our mission is to facilitate the information you need for visiting museums all over the world. Muselia is created and maintained with the help of many users who update and complete the data we have about each museum.
Music search services Music music,search, Yahoo! Audio Search Web Services provide access to music data and audio files using structured and unstructured queries.
Microblogging for business Social blogging,enterprise,microblogging,social, Yammer is a private social network for companies. The tool was originally for making companies and organizations more productive through the exchange of short frequent answers to one simple question: &quot;What are you working on?&quot; The Yammer API allows third-party developers to create their own Yammer applications.
Political districts service Government government,news,reference, Retrieve political districts and neighborhoods based on a pair of coordinates. Retrieve city council, community district, state assembly, state senate and U.S. house for any given point. Also returns neighborhood and borough. Currently the API only covers New York City.
PDF conversion service Office deadpool,documents,enterprise,office, PDF Alchemy is a free REST web service API to convert Microsoft Word documents (.doc .docx .rtf .txt) to PDF format.  Designed for programmers, purely online, nothing to download or install. Code for PHP, Java, C#, VB .NET, Adobe Air, Perl, Python, Ruby.
User management and authentication service Backend authentication,backend,management,user, UserApp provides user management and authentication services. It can handle user login, permissions, storage, sign-ups, payments, and more. Some features that will be available in the near future include the ability to export user data and to host data on one&#039;s own servers. Developers can access UserApp&#039;s functions directly online or programmatically via API.
Customized retail product service Shopping personalization,shopping, Allows developers to make queries and run searches against Cafe Press&#039; store and product database.
German federal statistics database Reference Data,database,germany,government,reference, GENESIS-Online is a database provided by the Federal Statistical Office of Germany (Destatis). It provides web-based access to GENESIS, which contains statistical information on traffic, taxes, tourism, and other topics important to governing bodies. The GENESIS-Online API allows users to retrieve and download data from the database. Registered users can use these services to integrate database information into their applications and services. Although the website is available in both English and German, much of the statistical information is only available in German.
Integrates with RapLeaf via their API allowing users to own their reputation and take it with them where ever they may go. null deadpool,reputation,security, Integrates with RapLeaf via their API allowing users to own their reputation and take it with them where ever they may go.
Video Encoding Service Video cloud,Encoding,streaming,video, HeyWatch is a video encoding service that provides encoding software and APIs that allow users to convert files in the cloud. The HTTP Live Streaming API allows users to encode files using the HTTP streaming protocol implemented by Apple for use with its devices. The HTTP Live Streaming API is supplemented with the Robot API  which facilitates API calls that can be performed in a successive order based on chronology. The service uses REST calls and returns JSON. 
Realtime search service Search content,realtime,Twitter, 3taps searches realtime for postings of items offered for exchange, such as a job offer or a watch for sale. Searches across Twitter, Craigslist and other sites. The API provides a search functionality, as well as a way to add data directly to 3taps. There are also utility APIs, such as a geocoder that calculate the location to use for a posting based on location-specific details within the posting.
Software registration service Payment payment, BlueSnap is a software registration service offering payment processing, subscription services, code, copy and fraud protection. BlueSnap Buy Anyware API offers a REST-based interface between the customer and Plimus e-Business platform. With Buy Anyware, users can deliver customized checkout processes, single-click purchase processes, secure login to the Plimus shopper control panel, seller-hosted customer account management controls and innovative subscription terms and programs. Full documentation is available by contacting the provider. 
Adaptive learning platform Education education,learning,personalization, CCKF is the developer of RealizeIt, an adaptive learning system for teachers, students and parents. The system is designed to adapt to the learner; to learn about the learner and about itself in service of enhancing personalized learning. RealizeIt is meant for use by publishers seeking to future-proof, enhance and transform their learning platforms as well as learners looking for a learning path that is adapted to their needs. The system exposes its functionality via an API that allows developers to integrate with their own online offerings. Public documentation is not available. 
Global map tile imagery Mapping image,mapping, HERE is a map provider whose maps can be found in car navigation systems, smartphones, and on the web. HERE offers developer access to a variety of map data and functionality through a series of REST APIs. The HERE Map Tile API provides developer access to single map image tiles for all regions of the world. The API can deliver tiles in different sizes, modes, and zoom levels. The API also supports multiple display options and map schemes. 
Risk management software Enterprise compliance,enterprise,Risk,safety, Q-Pulse is a software application that helps organizations manage their quality, risk and safety. The software acts as a central point where all compliance data, materials and activities can be tracked and stored. It also alerts management of areas where compliance status may be due to lapse. The Q-Pulse APIs allow developers to integrate the software&#039;s functionality into their own third party systems. Full documentation is not publicly available.
Access RSS and Atom feeds with JavaScript Feeds atom,feeds,rss, With the AJAX Feed API, users can download any public Atom or RSS feed using only JavaScript, allowing for easy mash up feeds with their content and other APIs like the Google Maps API. The Google AJAX Feed API lets users mash up feeds using only a few lines of JavaScript, rather than dealing with complex server-side proxies. This makes it easy to quickly integrate feeds on a website.  For Flash, and other Non-Javascript environments, the API exposes a raw RESTful interface that returns JSON encoded results. These results are easily processed by most languages and runtimes.
Face detection and recognition service Photos biometrics,Detection,face,image,photo,recognition, SkyBiometry provides a face detection and recognition service and can be used as a drop-in replacement for discontinued face.com API.  The SkyBiometry Face Detection and Recognition API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of the service with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include recognizing and detecting faces in photos and tagging the photos.
Muslim prayer times Tools prayer,religion,tools, MuslimSalat.com provides location-specific times for the five daily proscribed Muslim prayers. The service is accessible via an API serving JSON formatted data. The API allows calls to specify location, date ranges, and daylight savings. The API is also capable of calculating timing according to seven methods, such as the Egyptian General Authority Survey or the Muslim World League. JSONP is supported for callbacks.
Fact sharing service  Social russia,social, 100 Facts About Me is a Russian website dedicated to helping people become better friends by providing an easy way to share information about yourself. The 100 Facts About Me API enables users to post, retrieve, and list facts about themselves and their friends using the XML-RPC protocol. 
Online real estate portal Real Estate realestate, The Home Hippo API allows users to feed into and out of the HomeHippo.com property portal as well as the ability to leverage the site&#039;s data to create apps or widgets. Home Hippo is a free to list portal letting users market their property portfolio to a worldwide audience. The API exposes methods such as property upload, property update or fetch property. Each action has its own URL. These can be accessed through RESTful calls with responses being formatted in JSON.
Online sports news platform Sports baseball,basketball,football,hockey,news,sports, ESPN.com is an online platform for multiple sports news, statistics, team information, and player information. ESPN.com offers sports scores, standings, and other statistics for a variety of sports.  The ESPN.com API allows developers to access and integrate the data of ESPN.com with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving sports information, team information, and league information. Interested developers should sign up here for an API key: http://developer.espn.com/member/register.
Swedish education resource documentation Education education,reference,tools, Skolportalen (Education Portal) is a service run by the Local Authorities of J?mtland County. It provides a collection of software and services for the Association of any school system. These are IT-related services, representing a variety of tools that can help streamline daily work. Such as by creating questionnaires, enabling distance learning, and providing e-mail services. The Skolportalen API enables users to programmatically retrieve informational documents from the site.
Real time search service Search deadpool,realtime,search, Collecta provides a real time information search engine for users. The API gives developers the ability to query a real time stream of information from a wide variety of sources.
Sports betting information service Sports betting,gambling,sports, Pinnacle Sports is an online service that offers sports odds and other information for betting on sports. Pinnacle Sports offers information on multiple sports, including football, soccer, baseball, rugby, and the 2012 summer Olympics.  The Pinnacle Sports API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Pinnacle Sports with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving lists of sports, retrieving lists of leagues, and retrieving sports feeds.
Computer-related job listing service Job Search jobs, GitHub Jobs is an online job listing that focuses on software engineering, web development, and related fields. The GitHub Jobs API allows users to search, view, and create listings using JSON-based REST calls. Functions exist that allow users to search for jobs by description, location, full- vs. part-time, or any combination of thereof. Users may also employ the API to retrieve a JSON representation of a single job posting.
Live flight aircraft and delays tracking Travel aviation,travel, The service provides a wide variety of information related to aviation and air travel, including scheduling and flight delays, aircraft current position and route tracking, on-time and service ratings, weather affecting aviation, and airport information. Real-time alerts provide flight departure and arrival information with delay indexes. Route schedules and  best connections data also are available, along with ratings of historic on-time performance, airport weather, and more.  API methods support retrieval of flight status and airport status, including real-time indexes of current flight delays. Methods generate flight schedules with connections to determine routes to a destination. The API also provides reports of historic on-time ratings by route and individual flight, along with basic listings of airports by location and region. An updated weather API consolidates reports of conditions currently affecting aviation and air travel in several formats: METAR, TAF, and Zone Forecasts.
Web site monitoring and reporting services Internet internet, From their site: Pingdom has a very strong and narrow focus. That focus lies on covering the uptime monitoring needs of 90% of the companies in the world. Instead of branching out into other areas, we will instead place all our efforts into maintaining the best uptime monitoring service available. With Pingdom, any problem with your website will be discovered the minute it happens. You will be immediately alerted so you can take action before it affects your business. You will also be able to see detailed statistics of your website performance, giving you a historical record of all incidents.
Solar and heliospheric data access Other deadpool,science,visualization, Helioviewer.org is an open-source project for the visualization of solar and heliospheric data. The project is funded by ESA  and NASA. The project is split into three main components: browse tools, image services and feature/event services.   The Helioviewer API offers developers the ability to view content and interact with Helioviewer.org via a RESTful interface. 
US government small business resources Government government,reference,smb, Business.gov is an official site of the US government that helps small businesses understand their legal requirements, and locate government services supporting the nation&#039;s small business community. Business.gov&#039;s Web Service API provides methods for obtaining small business resources and geographic data used by Business.gov&#039;s core search tools including its state and local search engine, loans and grants search, and licenses and permits search. Using Business.gov&#039;s API, software developers can build new applications and mashups using authoritative information from Federal, state and local government agencies. The API is free of charge, does not require registration, and allows for unlimited calls. The Business.gov API is RESTful. Output formats are available in either XML or JSON.
Image search services Search deadpool,photo,search, The Yahoo Image Search API is part of BOSS (Build your Own Search Service) which provides API access to Yahoo!&#039;s web, news, and image search technology. Unlike other search APIs, developers can use BOSS technology with very few restrictions.  The Image Search API provides access to Yahoo!&#039;s image search technology and allows users to search the Internet for images. It uses a RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in either XML, JSON or PHP.
Photos on Google Maps from the Pixagogo online photo service. null deadpool,mapping,photo, Photos on Google Maps from the Pixagogo online photo service.
ePub and eBook search, display, and listing feed Feeds books,ebook,feed,search, SamEnrico sells digital publications and subscriptions. It also provides an OPDS API that allows users to browse, search, and download eBooks, magazines, and papers for free to the e-reader of their choice. It also allows users to display publications on their websites. OPDS (Open Publication Distribution System) is an open standard for creating catalogs for aggregating, distributing, and discovering e-publications by any user, from any source, in any digital format, and on any device.
A portal to government data sets Government Data,government,search, The Guardian???s new World Government Data site enables users to search through the government data of the UK, US, Australia and New Zealand in one place, rate the quality of the data, see how countries compare and submit their own visualisations of what they uncover.
Photo album retrieval service Photos golf,photo, Overlake Golf and Country Club is a family club located in a residential area of Medina, WA. They offer their members an 18-hole golf course, 6-lane competition pool, and U.S. Open style tennis courts. Their website hosts a photo album, which is not available to the general public. The Photo Album API enables users to load all or some of the images from the photo album onto their own websites. This API is accessible via SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Weather forecast data service Weather climate,forecast,location,meteorology,weather, Forecast is a weather application that provides weather forecast information for locations. Forecast aggregates numerous weather data sets and combines them for users to search and return weather forecast information by place.  The Forecast API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Forecast with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include returning current weather conditions and retrieving forecasts for periods of time. 
Community-based travel guide Travel photo,social,travel, iwannagothere.com is a travel site that is community-based. Their tagline is &quot;this is travel, not tourism,&quot; as users of iwannagothere.com share their experiences doing different travel activities that are not necessarily in regular travel books. Users can search based on destinations, specials, and city guides.  The iwannagothere API allows developers to retrieve data from iwannagothere.com. Some example API methods include searching and retrieving categories, place information and photos, user information, and guides and routes. For &quot;places id,&quot; developers will also need to get an API Key from geoplaces.org, as that is what iwanngothere.com uses for places.
Accounting and Bookkeeping Service Financial accounting,financial,invoicing,payment,payroll, Shoebooks is a fully featured online accounting and payroll solution that is based in Australia. The Shoebooks SOAP interface ensures that all business rules and data structure complies with the Shoebooks accounting and payroll system. The Shoebooks API allows users to create/edit customers, supplier or employee records, Create new invoices or bills, apply receipts to invoices and payments to bills, as well as create and lookup banking transactions.
Higher education job listing Education education,jobs, Inside Higher Ed is an online news, opinion and job listing provider for all of higher education. The Inside Higher Ed Job Posting API allows contracted job providers to automate posting job listings. Users may access the API as either a REST call or a SOAP web service. 
Multiple infrastructure cloud management service Backend backend,cloud, Nimbus Phantom is a service that simplifies the management of on-demand resources across multiple infrastructure clouds. Phantom monitors available resources and automatically provisions and configures new ones as needed to counteract failures and cater to increased demand. It can be used to supplement local resources with cloud resources or to deploy virtual machines across multiple clouds.  Nimbus Phantom is currently being used with Openstack, AWS EC2, and Nimbus clouds, but it is capable of working with any infrastructure cloud supported by Apache Libcloud. Phantom&#039;s functions can be accessed programmatically using REST calls issued in JSON.
Cloud hosting and storage service Internet CDN,cloud,media,performance,storage, The service provides a content delivery network (CDN) to store, stream, and deliver rich media assets and other data with high performance and large capacity. It is designed to enable e-commerce, optimized web application performance, and broad access to licensed media and other content. Applications supported include media and entertainment, gaming, and live events.  API methods support authentication, rights and access management, and cache management for rapid performance. 
File uploading service Utility batch,file,upload,utility, Plupload is an online service that allows users to upload files and batches of files using Flash, HTML5, Silverlight, and other technologies.  The Plupload API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Plupload with other applications. Some example API methods include uploading files, managing files, and creating and managing batches. 
Automated subscription invoicing service Payment billing,collection,dunning,invoicing,payment,subscription, ChargeOver is an automated invoicing service designed for use by subscription-based businesses. It includes features for recurring billing, dunning, accounting integration (QuickBooks), and reporting. The brandable customer portal allows customers to view their own payment history and invoices and to make payments online. Integrate with your website via our JSON-based REST API.
Indoor mapping service Mapping gps,indoor,location,mapping,navigation,places, Micello is an indoor mapping service. Micello offers indoor maps of venues, such as shopping malls, airports, hospitals, and museums. Micello indoor maps can be used for integration with outdoor maps, as well as navigation and wayfinding.  Micello offers two APIs: a JavaScript API that allows developers to embed indoor maps into applications and a Map Web Services API that allows for retrieval and display of indoor maps by location, proximity, and retrieving map information. Public documentation is available, but limited. Interested developers should register for an API Key for full API access.
A community driven gender-neutral unisex bathroom directory. Features a Google map mashup and density cloud by city. null gender,mapping,utility, A community driven gender-neutral unisex bathroom directory. Features a Google map mashup and density cloud by city.
Travel website application Travel airport,flight,international,travel, MyTravelToolbox is a website plugin for travel websites. MyTravelToolbox offers features such as online airline check-ins, airport codes, world time clocks, and currency exchange information.  The MyTravelToolbox API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of MyTravelToolbox with other applications and for customization. Some example API methods include retrieving airport delays, listing account information, accessing flight status, and listing airport codes. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: http://www.mytraveltoolbox.com/account.
Live chat support Chat chat,customer-service,realtime,sbweb, SnapEngage is a live chat solution that allows a business&#039; support team to interact with site visitors in real time. The SnapEngage API allows developers to interface SnapEngage with third-party applications. Using the API, SnapEngage can automatically POST events to an external URL when new requests are received (either offline or live chat). This transaction provides detailed information pertaining to the request and allows developers to recreate the request in the destination system. The API uses HTTP protocol and resposnes are formatted in XML.
Social music and video discovery service Music music,social,video, Plug.dj is an online community that allows people to enjoy music and video content together in a real-time socially interactive environment. Use plug.dj to create parties with friends and peers from around the globe. Choose from a variety of unique avatars each with their own dance moves, and communicate with international party-goers using real-time chat translation.  Plug.dj offers a Javascript API that enables developers to write extensions. The API consists of functions that return various data as well as an event dispatching engine.
Product search service Shopping search,shopping, Google Shopping Search lets developers create applications to search for products. Developers can create product comparison apps or provide search and discovery tools for users. The API simplifies access to product data and is optimized to deliver the most relevant product results.
Grocery item and supermarket information service Food food,Grocery,shopping, The Supermarket API by AisleFinder allows developers to access and integrate information of supermarkets into other applications and services. Currently, the Supermarket API supports information from   Whole Foods, Trader Joes, Safeway, Costco, and Wal-Mart in the US. Example API methods include searching and retrieving information by states and cities, returning stores by name, zip code, and city and state, and searching and retrieving grocery items and information on the times.
Google Apps reseller account management service Retail internet,management,retail,sales, The Google Apps Reseller API allows reseller administrators and service integrators to place customer orders and manage Google Apps monthly post-pay subscriptions. The API is meant to enable businesses to scale easily by integrating components of the Google Apps reseller tools into customer and sales systems. The API exposes methods for working with customers and subscriptions. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
SMS question and answer service Answers answers,deadpool,messaging,sms,telephony, ChaCha is a SMS question and answer service that has collected 400 million answers since 2008. ChaCha currently offers three API&#039;s: Quick ChaCha Answer, Top ChaCha Answers and ChaCha Trends.The ChaCha APIs provides free access to ChaCha&#039;s database for use on a web site or application. The REST query APIs return responses in JSON format.
Address verification service Mapping address,mapping, Address Meister is a postal address verification and correction service designed to identify fake addresses, determine accurate postal rates, and fix address typos. For low-volume applications, users can verify addresses through a form on the website. Developers can access Address Meister&#039;s functions programmatically for larger jobs using either SOAP or XML-RPC calls.
Cloud hosting and storage service Storage backup,cloud,hosting,storage, The service provides hosting and storage resources via the infrastructure as a service (IaaS) model. It allows users to create and configure virtual data centers, including a visual designer tool to simplify and automate the process. Functions include data storage and backup as well as cloud-based application hosting.  API methods duplicate options available through the provider&#039;s visual Data Center Designer (DCD) tool. Methods support creating and defining configuration for a virtual data center and controlling activities of the servers established there. Methods also support managing data storage space, load balancing functions, firewall restrictions, and domain name mapping. 
Interactive music streaming service Music interactive,music,streaming,venues, iJukebox is an interactive music streaming service. iJukebox allows venues and customers to legally stream music to their customers and allow their customers to interact with the music through applications.  The iJukebox API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of iJukebox with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email info@myiJukebox.com for more information. 
Social Recommendations API Recommendations recommendations,social, Strands Social Recommender is a recommendation engine that enables social recommendations and personalized discovery features in web or wap sites, mobile applications as well as through email platforms. Using the APIs, developers can create a user experience involving personalized suggestions of products and media goods, similar to what is found in sites like Amazon, Netflix, or YouTube. This is a REST-style API that accepts standard HTTP GET or POST requests and returns responses in either XML or JSON format.
News popularity service News news,popular,reference, The New York Times Most Popular API provides links and information about the most frequently e-mailed, shared and viewed blog posts and articles on the New York Times website. Developers can look at popularity based on views, emails and shares. In the case of the last method, developers can also look at shares on specific social networks, including Twitter, Facebook, Digg and more.
Enterprise cloud-based desktop service Storage cloud,enterprise,file-sharing,storage, Oxygen Cloud is a cloud-based desktop that works exactly like a regular desktop, but allows users to keep their files secure and synced across multiple devices. Users can edit files while offline, and Oxygen will automatically sync the updated files when the device is online again. Oxygen Cloud supports selective file syncing along with multiple, simultaneous uploads and downloads.  As an enterprise service, Oxygen Cloud gives companies a way to let their employees work on the go without compromising the security of company information. It comes with extensive options and controls regarding file access, sharing, and data ownership. Oxygen Cloud&#039;s functions and contents can be integrated with other systems and applications via REST calls.
Send audio messages to phones Telephony Global,sms,telephony,uk,Voice, The FreebieSMS Auto Dialer API lets users send an audio message to a landline or mobile phone. FreebieSMS offers bulk SMS provision to businesses who need to send SMS messages automatically. Public documentation for this API is not available.  Coverage: global (pay-per-use), europe, usa, southafrica, malaysia, russia, australia (reverse charged)
Mobile location based content feed service Feeds deadpool,location,mobile, Blipscape provides free content based on the location of a device. It exposes a set of webservices that receive the latitude/longitude and sends back the content. The API is SOAP based and responses are formatted in XML. Currently this service works in New York and San Francisco.
Electricity metering service Tools energy,green,monitoring,tools, Flukso is a web-based community metering application. Install a Fluksometer near your fuse box, and you will be able to monitor, share, and reduce your electricity consumption through the website.  With the Flukso API, you can retrieve time series data of electricity sensors.
Dispatch and Route Planning Service Transportation logistics,planning,route,transportation, TrackRoad is a route optimization and dispatch service that is designed to help users make trips and deliveries more efficient. The TrackRoad API enables users to calculate distance between driving points, calculate a route, dispatch vehicles, check geocodes, and complete other actions and calls. The services is available in SOAP and REST formats and returns JSON. 
Search service for finding social connections Social deadpool,social, From their site: The API returns web addresses of public pages and publicly declared connections between them. The API cannot access non-public information, such as private profile pages or websites accessible to a limited group of friends.
Mobile push notification platform Messaging messaging,mobile,notifications,push, Urban Airship&#039;s Push, now fully functional for the iPhone and BlackBerry platforms, lets you increase your engagement with customers, enhance your brand, and create a recurring revenue stream. Deliver sports scores, breaking news, or user-generated content like game challenges directly to users&#039; pockets, in real time.
Calendar of school events Calendar calendar,education,events, The Newcastle Public Schools website hosts information on the school district of Newcastle, Oklahoma. Among other things, the site provides a calendar of all of the major school events for the year. This calendar can be accessed directly through the website or programmatically via SOAP API. Users can employ the API to retrieve or export events from the calendar.
Batch geocode uploader Mapping address,geocoding,mapping,poi, HERE is a map provider whose maps can be found in car navigation systems, smartphones, and on the web. HERE offers developer access to a variety of map data and functionality through a series of REST APIs. The HERE Batch Geocoder API allows applications to programmatically submit up to a million lines of addresses for geocoding. Geocoding results are then made available as a downloadable text file.
News service News news, The nationwide newspaper USA Today provides access to its news articles going back to 2004. Search based on keyword, reporter, date and a few other factors. Results are sent as XML or JSON and require an API key.
Local coupon service Shopping business,local,shopping, Adility is an online platform for local deals, such as coupons. Adility works with companies and merchants to connect them with publishers and developers for integration into other applications to reach customers with deals.   The Adility OffersDB API allows developers to access and integrate submission and distribution of offers, coupons, deals, and the like from the Adility platform. The two main API methods are submitting deals and offers for distribution through the Adility platform, and distributing deals after receiving them from the Adility platform.
Online information manager Office office,project-management, Backpack is a web-based personal information manager small business. The application supports user-created pages  and a calendar. Features of the user-created pages include to-do lists, inline photo galleries, notes and file attachments, and page sharing. Features of the calendar include support for iCalendar, email/SMS reminders, color-coding of calendars, and iCalendar sharing.
Semantic web extraction tool Internet internet,semantic,spider, This web harvesting tool has an API which allows one to start, stop, and monitor spider jobs from another web application. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses can be formatted in either XML, CSV or Excel. 30Digits provides a suite of enterprise and intranet search solutions.
Mobile expense tracking Financial expenses,finance,mobile,sbweb, Xpenser offers mobile expense tracking and management. The Xpenser API allows users to enter expenses into Xpenser.
Local Deals Listings Shopping coupons,deadpool,shopping, CBS Local Offers is a simple API that lets users look up cities, information about those cities, and get information for all current deals being offered. The API is free to use and does not require sign up to access.
Music transcription service Music audio,music,Transcription, The SampleSumo MeloTranscript is a music transcription service for transforming monophonic melodies into musical notes. Users can upload a sound file with a vocal melody, and the service returns a start time, end time, average pitch, and amplitude for each detected note in the sound file.  The SampleSumo MeloTranscript API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of the service with other applications. Some example API methods include uploading files, checking processing statuses, and returning the information results from the files.
Real estate agent sales, forecasts, and reviews Real Estate realestate, Access to real estate agent sales, forecasts, and reviews from AgentRank.com.
Creates REST API From Relational Database Database database,graph,NoSQL,SQL, SlashDB automatically turns databases into online resource so their content becomes accessible to authorized web, mobile and enterprise applications for reading and writing under standard data formats. Technically speaking, it makes REST APIs out of relational databases.  Here are some generic use cases where SlashDB is a good choice:  * Data publishing and data exchanges with partners/clients * Instant developer API for an existing database-driven website * Database search and data discovery for data scientists * Enterprise database gateway for web/mobile applications * Enterprise data management and federation (ROA, data virtualization)  What will be your use case?  SlashDB is currently available for both on-premise and cloud installations. We provide ready-to-use virtual machines (AMI, VMware, VirtualBox etc.), which makes it a snap to get started. Once a VM is launched a user-friendly, web based admin GUI allows to add, remove and reconfigure database services.  Pricing is tailored to your business and we have special offers for qualifying startups, non-profits and institutions of higher education.
Online mapping service Mapping display,mapping,viewer, MapQuest Platform Services provides businesses and developers with an industry-leading platform that includes the developer tools, resources, and industry expertise for building rich, engaging online mapping solutions for wireless, web, and desktop applications.  Several APIs and Web Services are available. APIs include JavaScript, Flash, Mobile Flash, Android, and iOS. Web Services, which can be accessed from a variety of environments, include Directions, Geocoding, Search, Static Maps, Long URL, and Traffic.   
News delivery News deadpool,news, The Search Engine Toolkit empowers publishers and B2B portals, vertical search engines and professional networking sites with targeted, real time content from around the web. Access more than 30,000 global news, industry and consumer sources through a single API, delivering fully configurable content to match any industry, profession, and interest.
International dance news and information service Sports dance,Forums,news,photo,sports, DancesportInfo is an international dance information website that is available to visitors around the world in 19 languages. It provides current news and interviews with professional dancers and coaches along with an active forum with contributions by thousands of registered users. DancesportInfo maintains extensive databases of couples and individual dancers, dancers looking for partners, competition results, and competition photographs. Developers can access much the site&#039;s ample information programmatically via SOAP API.
DNA visualization tool Science genetics,science, The EMBOSS Sixpack API reads a DNA sequence that&#039;s been input by the user and then outputs the three forward and (optionally) three reverse frame translations in a visual manner. The API is available in both RESTful and SOAP forms and responses are formatted in XML. 
Affiliate program management service Utility affiliate,utility, LinkTrust provides tools that allow users to manage their own affiliate programs in-house using a customizable software platform which can cater to a limitless number of affiliates. LinkTrust offers a slew of reporting services, many of which operate in real-time. These run the gamut from high-level overviews to detailed records of all transactions. Information from reports can also be accessed using LinkTrust&#039;s APIs, which operate over SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Integrate facebook chat Chat chat,social, This API allows users to integrate Facebook Chat into their Web-based, desktop, or mobile instant messaging products. The user&#039;s instant messaging client connects to Facebook Chat via the Jabber/XMPP service. Responses are formatted as XML or vCard.
Wiki platform service Wiki deadpool,tools,wiki, From their site: Springnote is a service that has captured the essence of wiki. Springnote is looking forward to the day when it becomes a web platform of its own. 
Music information including track data and lyrics Music lyrics,music, From the website: &quot;With version 1 of the API you can query artists&#039; discographies and get the information you need to write a custom embedded audio player, with metadata such as track credits and lyrics. The API is very simple and straightforward and works in a similar fashion to other web APIs such as Twitter&#039;s and Google&#039;s, so you might already be familiar.&quot; The API features a RESTful interface and returns data in the JSON format.
Contact Info Auto-Enriching Service Email address,Book,contacts,email,vcard, Evercontact is a service that updates email address books by analyzing email signatures. It currently works with Gmail, Google Apps, Outlook, Salesforce, Highrise and Lotus Notes.  The Evercontact API allows developers to:  * Update an enterprisea??s CRM. * Create/Update client lists with complete contact information * Sync an Address Book with the most up-to-date contact data. * OR, anything else where raw contact data can be analyzed to extract vCards.  The API is deployed within a Tomcat Web container; Apache2 and mod-jk dispatch the calls. The API is also based on Apache UIMA Asynchronous Scaleout framework. This framework aims at processing unstructured information (text, image, audio, etc.).  Get your API key and test for free on the link below. 
Search engine optimization services Search analytics,search,SEO, The Raven database contains search results for thousands of keywords. Each week the Raven engine captures 50 (100 for Bing) search results for these keywords from the major search engines. This data can be returned in XML or JSON format. Raven offers tools for researching, managing, monitoring, and reporting on SEO, online PR and social media campaigns. Customers are typically Internet marketing agencies and in-house marketing departments.
Sales management and customer management platform Enterprise advertising,CRM,enterprise,marketing,sales, OnePageCRM is a sales management service and platform for small businesses. OnePageCRM allows users to manage their contacts and sales leads, create sales reports, and manage sales calendars and processes.  The OnePageCRM API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of OnePageCRM with other applications. Some example API methods include managing contacts and contact information, creating and editing contact notes, and listing and editing actions by contacts.
Bulk SMS service Messaging messaging,reseller,sms, 9jasms is a bulk SMS service that is designed for resellers as well as direct users. Developers can use the 9jasms API to integrate bulk SMS services with their own websites and applications. 9jasms can also work with clients to develop white label SMS websites. For non-developers, 9jasms also makes apps that allow users to send bulk SMS from PCs or mobile devices.
Online background check service Enterprise enterprise,jobs,reputation, Reppify offers an online background screening service. The Reppify API enables developers to interact with the Reppify web site programmatically. This API is designed to enable users to integrate Reppify with other applications. It can be used to manage the reppify work-flow by creating jobs (called UserLists in the web API), add candidates (called users in the Reppify API) and send invitations to request that candidates score themselves. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Real-Time Social Data Mining Social realtime,semantic,social, From website: DataSift provides very granular and modular &#039;sifting&#039; functions from across a wide range of social and web input feeds, augmenting them with sentiment analysis, storage and analytics to offer an unrivalled service platform, which leverages the cloud and scales infinitely. The DataSift API allows developers to consume filtered data from DataSift, and edit various resources hosted on the site. Some parts of the API do not require authorization, others recommend authorization, and the rest require authorization.
Portuguese art education clinic Education art,education,Portugal, Art Clinic is a member of the International Society for Education through Art (InSEA) that provides programs for infants, children, teenagers, adults, and families. The Art Clinic API allows people to retrieve programs, drawings, videos, news, and other site content via SOAP calls. The Art Clinic website is provided in both English and Portuguese.
Blog directory and community Blog Search blog,catalog,directory,search, BlogCatalog is a community of bloggers and a directory of blogs. From the website concerning the API: &quot;The BlogCatalog REST (REpresentational State Transfer) API allows the retrieval of public user and blog data based on a set of input parameters.&quot;
Web usable font library service Internet fonts,internet,webdesign, Typekit is a subscription-based font library. The fonts Typekit has are usable on websites, as they are created around web standards.   The Typekit API allows developers access to the Typekit functionality. With the Typekit API, developers can create and publish their own font kits (combinations of fonts). The API also allows users to fetch metadata about the fonts in the Typekit library.
Bulk SMS messaging service Messaging Global,messaging,mobile,sms,telephony, The Panacea Mobile Bulk API enables users to interface directly with an application or web-services in order to communicate with customers. Panacea Mobile is a mobile services company servicing an umbrella of requirements. They specialize in the entire mobile value chain, from the development of software through to the delivery of bulk SMS via an advanced SMS Gateway. Users can access HTTP, SMPP & SMTP APIs. With Panacea Mobile&#039;s SMS Gateway, users can send high volume 2-way SMS to any destination in the world. In addition to interfacing with applications users can also set delivery reports. 
Trance and progressive rock radio show information Music music,radio,unofficial, A State of Trance is a radio show, hosted by Armin van Buuren, which plays trance and progressive rock music. The A State of Trance API allows developers to access information from the radio show and the Unofficial A State of Trance Android app. This includes episodes, tracks, artists, DJs, sets, labels, events, and Top 10s. This API is provided for free, though donations are appreciated.
Photo management and sharing service Photos photo, From their site: The Picasa Web Albums data API allows client applications to view and update Picasa Web Albums content in the form of Google data API GData feeds. Your client application can request a list of user albums, photos, comments, or tags, edit or delete content in an existing entry, and query the content in an existing entry.
Top 10 travel guide publications Travel books,dk,guide,pearson,Publications,travel, Pearson&#039;s DK Top 10 Travel Guides provide travel information in a top 10 format, allowing readers to identify the top 10 things to do at a location.    Pearson&#039;s DK Top 10 Travel Guides API allow developers to access and integrate the content of the travel guides with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving lists, retrieving available data, and retrieving various datasets. 
Music sharing platform Music music,sharing,social, vMusic Xray is a music-sharing platform intended to connect musicians and music industry representatives. Musicians post tracks to be analyzed for acoustical properties by Music Xraya??s Song to Opportunity (S2O) technology. Music Xray will then email the user when an industry professional is looking for music that is comparable to S2Oa??s analysis. The S2O Partner API exposes Music Xraya??s song uploading and comparison functionality to business partners. Users who register through a partnera??s API account become affiliates who generate commission for the partner. The API is RESTful and returns XML responses. A Ruby SDK is also available. 
Customized affiliate and referral programs Shopping affiliate,marketing,sbweb,shopping, zferral was designed to support all operations via an API. zferral offers web-hosted, custom affiliate and referral programs allows businesses to crowdsource sales and marketing. Users can create and manage custom affiliate and referral programs from a single dashboard. The API supports multiple methods of affiliate commission/event tracking:      * image pixel tracking (both via HTTP and HTTPS)     * javascript tracking (automatic detection of HTTP/HTTPS)     * server pingback tracking (via our PHP class or your own code)  The API uses RESTful calls and responses can be formatted in either XML or JSON.
Television show torrent listings Entertainment deadpool,television,torrent, DailyTvTorrents indexes TV show torrents from the top sites on the web. With the DailyTvTorrents API users can integrate site information into their search engine, site, blog or app. The API also has commands for command-line users to use with curl. Functionality includes getting info about a show, getting episodes of a show including the latest episode, getting info about a torrent and more. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Named colors and color palette services Tools color,social,tools,visualization,webdesign, From their site: With the release of the COLOURlovers API, you can now access almost 1 million named colors and more than 325,000 color palettes for your creative projects and applications. Creating a theme editor and want to give your users some color theme options? Who knows what amazingly creative stuff people will come up with.
Archival backup and restore service Storage backup,storage, The service provides general-purpose online file storage and retrieval intended primarily for long-term archival purposes. It handles routine backup and file sync functions, with an emphasis on reliable transfers of large files for environments tolerant of latency in completion of requests. It adapts the Reed-Solomon algorithm to minimize overhead while storing data across servers, and the processing time required may slow system response.  API methods support uploading and downloading data, along with file management functions like listing and deleting files stored. Methods also handle metadata management and monitoring system performance.
Realtime Seattle transit information Transportation realtime,seattle,transit,travel,washington, OneBusAway provides access to real-time transit information for the Puget Sound region and beyond. Their API allows access to the same information that powers the OneBusAway website and mobile tools. Developers can use the api to write new apps. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Brand monitoring and tracking service Media Search analytics,media,search,social,tracking, The Tweettronics Social Media API enables developers to track brands and topics and analyze what is being said about them. The easy to use REST-based API provides sentiment analysis, influence analysis, and varieties of textual analysis.  Developers can obtain such data as impressions, reach, most influential speakers, most spoken phrases, primary URLs mentioned, volume of messages, and more.
Blinksale is an online invoicing service with an API. It is also a mashup that uses the Basecamp API to integrate client data. null business,deadpool,finance, Blinksale is an online invoicing service with an API. It is also a mashup that uses the Basecamp API to integrate client data.
Music streaming service and music database Music lyrics,music,radio,songs, Unsigned Band Web is an online platform for musicians to release and share their songs and music. Users can listen to new music, search by music genre, and access various radio stations associated with the music on the site. Unsigned Band Web also offer a variety of features for musicians.  The Unsigned Band Web Music API allows developers to access the database of music and musicians. Some example API methods include searching and retrieving songs by genre, accessing songs by musician, and listing channel feeds based on genre.
India Do Not Disturb registry checker Telephony india,sms,telephony, ZNISMS is one of the SMS providers in India, providing a number of services for sending standard and bulk SMS messages. The ZNISMS DND Checker API allows users to check if a number is on India&#039;s national Do Not Disturb registry.  This REST-based API enables users to check a single phone number per query, and returns a code that indicates if the number is in the DND registry. Users must have an API key to use this service, which allows for up to 1,000 queries an hour per user.
Mobile workforce service Job Search crowdsourcing,jobs,mobile, Gigwalk is a service that allows people to post &quot;gigs&quot; of collecting information using their mobile phones and instantly send the information back to the requester. People can accept gigs and get paid for collecting the information.  The Gigwalk API allows developers to access the data and functionality of Gigwalk. Some example API methods include retrieving gig information, getting gig details, and getting task results.
Blog editing service Blogging media,weblog, The MetaWeblog API is a programming interface that allows users to get and set the text and attributes of weblog posts. It is designed to build on the Blogger API, which was limited in that it could only work with text. The MetaWeblog API can also work with media objects embedded in weblog posts.
Educational research repository Database database,education,Repository,research,science, The DataShop is a service of the Pittsburg Science of Learning Center (PSLC). The DataShop is a repository for research data and also provides analysis and reporting tools. DataShop data may be queried and retrieved via a RESTful API. Responses are returned in XML or tab-delimited text. Future plans for the API include the ability to upload data as well.
Coworking management software Enterprise CRM,enterprise,office, Cobot is coworking management software . Cobot provides coworking spaces worldwide with the necessary functionality to manage their members, including automatic payment processing, attendance tracking and control, member managed booking, and analytics. The Cobot API allows developers to integrate Cobot functions with 3rd party software and sites.
Mobile backend platform Backend backend,mobile,platform, Parse offers developers a backend-as-a-service platform for their mobile applications. Developers can use SDKs for both iOS and Android to persist data and more. The REST API lets developers interact with Parse from computers that aren&#039;t mobile devices. With the APIs developers can have their webserver show data from Parse on a website, upload large amounts of data that will later be consumed in a mobile app, download recent data to run their own custom analytics and more.
Event marketing service and event mobile application provider Events deadpool,events,marketing,mobile, Memory Reel is an event marketing service. Memory Reel offers clients tools such as event mobile applications, online tools to connect with event attendees, and analytics to measure marketing effectiveness.  The Memory Reel API allows developers to access and integrate Memory Reel functionality and data. Some example API methods include adding and editing events and event information, adding and editing users and their avatars, and listing devices that are available for push notifications.
GPS device location mapping service Mapping gps,location,mapping, The Atlas GPS service created by Fresh Logic Studios allows users to register up to 10 GPS devices and track their locations using Atlas. This tracking is done in real-time and can be viewed on a map on the Atlas GPS website. A demo of the mapping service is provided. The Atlas GPS API allows users to retrieve their registered GPS devices and update a device&#039;s location.
Music information service Music deadpool,music,uk, The BBC music site provides a definitive set of online information about all the music the BBC plays. Artist pages aggregate information from around the BBC and elsewhere on the web. You will also find information about releases and albums.
Online video platform Video media-management,video, Twistage is a hosted online video platform that provides video workflow and management for organizations. The company also provides whitelabel services for businesses that want to leverage online video. The service is built on an API platform that allows developers to integrate Twistage with any computer, device, web service, or appliance. Documentation for the RESTful API is not publicly available. 
Church social and data management platform Social church,Data,religion,social, The City is a social and data management platform for church communities. Using The City, church communities can manage church data, create and manage groups, communicate through a single platform, simplify and enrich childrena??s ministry check-in, and modernize church giving.  The City Admin API provides a RESTful interface designed to provide programmatic access to the same data and functionality available via The Citya??s Admin site on the web. The API uses a HMAC signature scheme for authentication. Data is JSON formatted. 
Cloud based database Database cloud,database, ClearDB is a cloud database platform from which users can back their web sites, blogs and applications. Ita??s a fully ACID compliant relational database accessible from any platform and any programming language. It offers a RESTful API that allows users to query the database. The API can also be used to automate backup operations and get realtime status info about the database.
File sharing and organizing service File Sharing collaboration,documents,file,file-sharing,organization,storage, Dropmark is a file and document sharing, storage, and collaboration service. Dropmark allows users to collaborate on documents, organize files, and share files.   The Dropmark API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Dropmark with other applictions. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email api@dropmark.in for more information. 
Social networking service Social opensocial,social, From their site:  The Friendster Developer Platform consists of a set of APIs to Friendster data and seamless integration points within the Friendster web site to create compelling widget applications for Friendsters over 50 million users. The APIs provides access to Friendster data through a rich REST-style interface. These resources can be accessed using an API key and a shared secret that is issued to every widget.
Podcast search Music music,search, The Digital Podcast Search Service allows you to access Digital Podcast&#039;s content and services in your favorite programming languages. This means you can now build Digital Podcast directly into your own applications.
Free copyright registry Tools copyright,internet,reference,registry,search,storage, Safe Creative is an on-line world wide copyright registry, free and open to use. It allows creators/rightholders to register their works. The service supports many license types: traditional copyright, Creative Commons, custom, etc.
Daily catechism service Answers daily,religion, Catechisms are learning tools for Christians that teach core religious tenets by phrasing them in the form of questions and answers. CatechizeMe provides daily catechisms along with a publicly available collection of catechisms. The CatechizeMe API allows developers to integrate daily catechisms or any/all of the catechisms available on the website into their own sites and applications.
Website content management service Internet collaboration,content,editing,internet,management, GatherContent is an online content management platform. GatherContent lets users curate website content, collaborate on website content, edit website content, and plan for website content posting.  The GatherContent API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of GatherContent with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving users and user information, company information, and retrieving files and and page content. 
German sports team management service Sports germany,management,sports, Holdsport is a German website that helps coaches and organizations manage teams and clubs for all kinds of sports. The site provides useful tools like an online calendar, a registration and dues collection system, and a free texting service that lets coaches contact all of their players at once. Holdsport can also be used to keep track of players&#039; contact information and game statistics. Additionally, people can buy sportswear and gear made by companies like Hummel through the website.  Users can interact with the site&#039;s functions programmatically via REST API. Although the Holdsport API documentation is provided in English, the Holdsport website is given solely in German.
Online marketing affiliate tracking platform Advertising advertising,affiliate,conversion,marketing,tracking, Affilae is a marketing affiliate tracking platform. Affilae allows brands and companies to keep track of and reward their online marketing affiliates.  The Affilae API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Affilae with other applications. Some example API methods include listing advertisers, listing partnerships, and retrieving advertising conversions. 
Public proxy delivery Internet internet,proxy, Begun as a research project from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology and the University of Technology Dresden, WebKnox is an ontology-driven fact extraction engine built to provide direct, fast, and complete answers to questions on any topic a user can think of. To answer a question WebKnox uses external services that might have previously provided an answer or computes an answer using its knowledge base. If those options fail, WebKnox tries to find an answer on the fly. WebKnox hosts a suite of REST APIs delivering a range of web services. The WebKnox Proxies API allows applications and websites to retrieve public proxies. The API can deliver proxies in a batch or individually, and allows users to report dead proxies. 
Computational billiards competition Sports programming,sports,temporary, The 2011 International Computational Billiards Championships has the goal to promote the development and aid the evaluation of novel artificial intelligence techniques for computational pool. The pool competition and physics server includes a web service API. The API can be used to request tasks and submit shots, access the database and physics library. It uses XML-RPC protocol.
Student career planning workshop service Education career,education,jobs,planning, CareerForward is a self-contained online course that provides students with the opportunity to assess their career interests, explore career options, and create an educational development plan. It is designed to help students learn how to plan their work lives and career opportunities within the global economy. A SOAP-based API is provided to allow users to interact with CareerForward programmatically.
Online Menu and Ordering Service Food food,menus,restaurant,retail, Zuppler is an online menu system for restaurants with an online presence wishing to make web-based ordering easier and more intuitive. Using Zuppler, restaurants can employ descriptive menus--with full support from Zuppler--from the  that allow their online customers to order online for takeout, delivery or ahead of time for dine-in.   Zuppler provides APIs in both Javascript and a RESTful JSON version. The Javascript API lets you manage Menu integration using the Zuppler Online Ordering System on your website, mangage your restaurant&#039;s profile (logo, discount, cuisines, pictures), and display your Zuppler restaurant reviews.  The RESTful APIs can manage (create using POST) restaurant menus and specials as well as fetch restaurant listings, create new restaurant listings and return information about specific restaurants.
File sharing and collaboration service File Sharing collaboration,file-sharing,mobile,storage, Seafile is a file syncing and sharing service for teams. Files are organized into libraries which can be individually shared or synced to devices. Users can edit and comment on shared files, and they can choose to receive notifications when a file is altered. Seafile is compatible with mobile devices, which can access files, notifications, and messages on the go. Developers can access Seafile&#039;s functions remotely via REST calls.
Securities data tracking service Financial Data,deadpool,financial,tools,tracking, Data Explorers is a provider of securities lending data tracking across all global market sectors. Data Explorers collects data 24 hours a day from all securities finance practitioners: Agent Lenders, Sell Side and Buy Side. The company offers analytics to help clients identify investment opportunities and manage risk.  The Data Explorers API allows developers to integrate the database directly into their own workflow. The API can be used to deliver long and short flow data at an enterprise level via web, mobile or bespoke trading systems. It uses both SOAP and HTTP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Biology Encyclopedia  Reference biology,reference,science, Encyclopedia of Life is a website that collects biological data from various sources. Encyclopedia of Life also offers an API for developers to access Encyclopedia of Life&#039;s data through their own applications. Example applications can be found on the API overview page.  If you use the API and want EOL to be aware about your request, generate an API key and make sure to add it to your API calls. Login or create an EOL account to generate an API key from your Preferences page. An API Key is not necessary to use the API 
Payment network service Payment coupons,deal,loyalty,merchant,payment,rewards, CardSpring is a payment network platform. CardSpring offers an API that allows developers to create applications tied to payment cards. Applications such as loyalty programs, digital coupons, and adding account information to a payment card can be built. The CardSpring API allows for integration with other applications and services, such as merchant and point-of-sale applications.   Public documentation is not available; documentation can be accessed with login.
Image editing service Tools editing,photo,tools, The Aviary API gives access to Aviary&#039;s online image editor, vector editor, effects editor, pattern editor, audio editor and color swatch tool. Users can edit images, create effects, design logos, find colors, and collaborate.  
Financial Data Feed Service Financial Data,deadpool,feeds,financial,stocks, WorldDataSource is an information provider that gives users access to financial information from markets around the world. The WorldDataSource API is a Java API that provides users with direct access to data feeds from the New York Stock Exchange, American Stock Exchange, Nasdaq Stock Exchange, Chicago Board of Trade, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, New York Mercantile Exchange, New York Boards of Trade, and other financial exchanges. 
Mobile site readiness testing service Internet internet,mobile,testing, dotMobi is a company specializing in the development of mobile services and systems for 3rd party businesses. .mobi is used as a naming convention to let consumers know that a site works on a mobile phone.   Ready.mobi is a web page testing tool offered by dotMobi. Users enter a page URL to ready.mobi and it evaluates how well the page will display on mobile devices by testing against the Mobile Web Best Practices, and dotMobi compliance rules. The API allows users to run tests for mobile-readiness tests on their web sites and applications without having to use the ready.mobi web interface.The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Digital gifting service Enterprise digital,enterprise,gifts, CashStar is an eGifting provider that offers a digital gifting and incentives platform that enables users to email personalized gift cards. With CashStar businesses can integrate digital gifting strategies into their marketing and engagement programs.  As part of their B2B partner program, CashStar offers an API that lets businesses expand their eGift Card sales into third party partner channels. Public documentation is not available but interested developers should contact the provider for detail about becoming a partner.
Widget creation, distribution, and tracking services Widgets deadpool,widgets, Clearspring is a platform for building, distributing, and tracking widgets. The first publicly-exposed API, the Placement API, allows you to generate a code snippet for placement of a widget on the web, including specific configuration data.  
Aviation and geo data service Other aviation,deadpool,flight,location, Flig.ht&#039;s online aviation data guide and aviation API is compiled from the FAA&#039;s data publications and contains aviation and geo data useful for a wide range of applications, but with an emphasis on aviation.  The service is currently in BETA and Flig.ht Data will be previewing a free RESTful API in the near future.
Enterprise content platform Enterprise collaboration,content,documents,ECM,management, Alfresco is an enterprise content platform for storing and sharing important documents such as strategic plans, customer profiles, sales presentations, invoices, and contracts. It also features social tools that let people within a company share and discover content the same way they do with social media. Alfresco provides both a Cloud (SaaS) offering as well as an on-premises edition. It readily integrates with mobile devices (via a dedicated application), MS Office, Apple iWork, Adobe Creative Suite, Google Docs, and more. Many of Alfresco&#039;s features are accessible programmatically via REST-like APIs as well as the CMIS API.
Computational knowledge and search engine Reference reference,search,semantic, Wolfram|Alpha is a &quot;computational knowledge engine&quot; whose long-term goal is &quot;to make all systematic knowledge immediately computable and accessible to everyone. We aim to collect and curate all objective data; implement every known model, method, and algorithm; and make it possible to compute whatever can be computed about anything.&quot; It contains 10+ trillion of pieces of data, 50,000+ types of algorithms and models, and linguistic capabilities for 1000+ domains.  The API provides two general classes of queries. At the highest level, you can submit free-form queries like users might enter at the Wolfram|Alpha site itself, and get back full Wolfram|Alpha output in a variety of formats. The second type of query is a lower-level request for a single well-defined result, or range of results, from their entity/property-based data API, such as a caloric value for a food item, or a tide table for a requested location
URL shortening service Utility internet,url-shortener,utility, The Google URL Shortener takes long URLs and creates short links on the goo.gl domain name. The REST-based API requires authentication with an API Key and Auth Token (OAuth).
Data Extraction Service Tools analytics,CRM,Data,merchant,sales,shopping, VisiStat is a web analytics and customer intelligence provider that aims to help small and medium sized businesses with advanced data management. The site offers services to identify web visitors, track online marketing efforts, manage social media, track activity on web sites, and many other services. The VisiStat API allows users to build custom reports from the data, integrate data streams with CRMs and CMSs, create mashups, and manage billing and reseller account creation, among other uses.  The API uses REST calls, and an account is required with service. 
File upload to cloud services Storage cloud,file-sharing,storage,upload, Filepicker.io is a tool that allows users to access and upload their content to the cloud both from their local machines as well as online. Developers can use the API to integrate access to cloud servcies within their applications. The Javascript API gives developers the ability to customize the user experience for both choosing and saving files. The Pick files functionality allows users to make their upload forms handle local uploads as well as uploads from services such as Dropbox and Facebook and devices such as webcams. The Save files functionality allows users to save content directly to Dropbox, Google drive, Evernote, or even as an email attachment, rather than downloading it to their local device. The API uses JavaScript protocol. A RESTful interface is available for working with Filepicker.io URLs.
Telephone number verification serice Reference reference, Make staying in compliance with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission Do Not Call (DNC) list laws easy and cost effective. Telephone numbers can be instantly checked against U.S. Federal, State, and Direct Marketing Association Do Not Call databases.  
North American earth sciences data service Science geology,gps,science, The EarthScope Data Portal API provides a programmatic method for students, researchers, and others interested in scientific data to explore EarthScope&#039;s instrument networks. Users can download data taken from more than one thousand instruments located across North America. Available information includes seismic data, GPS data, strainmeter data, SAFOD data, airborne LiDAR imagery, and satellite InSAR imagery.
Android application management platform Backend backend,development,mobile, Zubhium is an application management platform, supporting Android beta distribution, reporting and support, user management, analytics, and more. The Zubhium API provides a developer interface for uploading Android .apk files. The API supports simple HTTP POST calls and requires an API Key.
Coupon and reward service by stages of life Shopping coupons,shopping, Stage of Life is a rewards, loyalty, and benefit service for companies to engage their customers and their various stages of life. Customers can earn rewards and benefits for customer loyalty, based on their stage of life.  The Stage of Life Coupon API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Stage of Life with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up for more information: http://www.stageoflife.com/corporate/Contact.aspx
API integration platform Tools Apis,development,integration,management,programming,tools, Webshell is an API platform that aims to make APIs more interoperable in an effort to boost innovation. Users can call and manage all of their APIs in a uniform way using an online command line. Webshell includes an API explorer to aid in API discovery. Management features include an analytics dashboard and an API key manager. The platform is built upon the Webshell API giving users access to it&#039;s complete functionality. SDKs are available for JavaScript, PHP and Ruby.
Community travel service Travel deadpool,social,travel, From their site: Dopplr lets you share your travel plans privately with a group of friends and colleagues whom you have chosen. It then tells you when people you know will be in the same cities. It also reminds you of people who live in the places you&#039;re planning to visit. The API is based on Google AuthSub. We intend to replace this AuthSub clone implementation with OAuth in the near future.
Telephony, voice and video platform Telephony calls,messaging,phone,telephony,video,Voice, 2600hz is a telephony, voice, and video communications platform. 2600hz provides a variety of communications features for organizations and companies to use for voice and video communication.  The 2600hz API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of 2600hz with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing users, accessing messages, managing calls, and retrieving call logs. 
South African SMS text messaging service Messaging africa,messaging,promotion,sms,southafrica, The service provides SMS text messaging within South Africa. It is designed for individual messaging and bulk messaging campaigns, either via FTP upload of files specifying message text and recipient mobile phone numbers or via HTTP GET and POST requests. Applications anticipated include appointment reminders and timely customer communications as well as promotional campaigns to attract new customers. Message delivery can work through all South African mobile phone service providers.  API methods support submitting recipient lists and message text for bulk message delivery, with routing of any replies. Methods also support generating single SMS messages with individual text and recipient.
Cloud Based Logging Service Tools cloud,internet,tools, Loggly is a cloud based logging service, with tools for collecting data in any format, searching data easily and accessing data analytics. Loggly also provides a RESTful API for developers to create their own applications around the Loggly services. Developers can send events to Loggly, retrieve events and access inputs and devices.  Loggly is currently in Beta stage.
Movie and event information service Events entertainment,events,movies, West World Media is a leading provider of movie showtimes, entertainment listings and venue marketing. They collect, compile and provide shotimes and movie data to newspapers worldwide. The company also provides movie guide and trailers, online ticketing, video services, box office grosses, reviews, and entertainment news; local event listings; music listings, sports coverage and more. West World Media makes this data available to partners via an API. Documentation is not publicly avaiable.
Billing and recurring payments platform  Payment billing,invoicing,payment,recurring,subscription, Fusebill is an online platform for billing, payments, and subscription plans for recurring payments. Fusebill offers automation for invoicing and receiving payments.   The Fusebill API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Fusebill with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email sales@fusebill.com for more information.  
Workout tracking service Sports running,sports, Nike+ is a service that lets users track their running statistics and improvement over time, and track their individual goals along the way. Users can share their training information with others, and setup virtual races with friends to compare their times over the same course. Developers can use the API to access the raw data of their runs. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Search charity records Other charity,non-profit,records,search, The Charity Navigator Charity Search API is an interface that allows you to incorporate Charity Navigator search results directly into your own site. This service provides the ability to construct a search and return charity records that match a certain set of criteria based on attribute values. This API is used for real time lookup.
Detection for Blog & Forum SPAM Security blogging,security,social,spam, BlogSpam.net is a real-time SPAM detection service for forum and blog comments. The service can identify many common types of SPAM and block comments containing SPAM. The BlogSpam API is an open source XML-RPC API that can be used to interface with any forum or blog service.
Keyword suggestion service Search deadpool,marketing,search,SEO, The Keyword Tool API allows users to programmatically download lists of keywords (sourced from our keyword database) related to a seed keyword. Using the API, users can embed the Free Keyword Tool on thier own site or application, giving their user base access to all the functionality of these keyword tools without leaving the site. WordStream is a search engine marketing software company offering an integrated keyword management solution for addressing the complexities of efficiently optimizing and expanding PPC and SEO efforts involving large numbers of keywords, on an ongoing, continuous basis.  The Wordstream Keyword Tool API allows developers to implement the tool on their own sites and in their own applications. The Keyword Tool provides extensive, relevant keyword and related keyword suggestions. By using the Free Keyword Tool API, you&#039;ll be able to leverage the same dataset we use to return hundreds of thousands of relevant keyword suggestions to users every day. This data, representing over a trillion search queries and hundreds of millions of related terms, is aggregated from a number of sources through industry partnerships with search engines, Internet service providers and browser toolbars, resulting in a less biased mix of head and long-tail terms. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
Telephone call service Telephony deadpool,telephony,twilio,Voice, Fake Call is an API that rings a phone. That&#039;s it. The service claims to help &quot;polite introverts exit unwanted conversations or meetings.&quot; On the other end of the call is a fictional &quot;Steve,&quot; who is actually a text-to-speech bot that helps you seem like you&#039;re engaging in a real conversation.  The Fake Call API creates accounts, which requires a phone number and password. The phone number must then be verified, to ensure the recipient wants to receive phone calls. The API also allows to give other users authorization to initiate a call for you without sharing your password. The documentation site gives example cURL calls to get you started.  The Fake Call API is built on top of the Twilio API. It uses RESTful calls with data returned as JSON.
Social Network Shopping Platform Shopping merchant,sharing,shopping,social, ShopYourWay is a social network based shopping platform where products, retailers, and recommendations are generated by what your friends buy and review. The ShopYourWay developer platform comes with a server side and a client side API. The Client side API uses uses JavaScript and allows users to build desktop and mobile apps that use the ShopYourWay platform. An account is required with service. 
Chat and Website Monitoring Application Chat chat,sbweb, Olark is a real-time chat and website monitoring service. The Olark JavaScript API allows developers to add additional functionality to their website by monitoring visitors, spotlighting certain parts of their website based on visitors, show important visitors, and monitor where visitors are going on their website.
Bulk SMS Service Advertising gateway,marketing,messaging,mobile,poland,sms, SMSAPI.PL is a Polish based mobile marketing service that aims to both inform customers of company news, as well as provide a bulk sms marketing service. The SMSAPI.PL API, which is available in both REST and SOAP formats allows the integration of SMS notification of any commercially available software, maintenance services, premium rate, and the ability to conduct campaigns in the form of MMS multimedia messages. An account is required with service, and SSL is used for authentication. 
Global financial information service Financial finance,reference,stocks, FinData is a company that provides financial information services to personal investors. The company is working on becoming a global information resource, and its information covers both local and international stock markets. The FinData API enables users to retrieve information from the site using SOAP calls. Available information includes stock symbols, stock quotes, and exchange rates.
Transfer money over Facebook Payment facebook,finance,payment,social, The Buxter Java API allows Facebook application developers to use the Buxter transaction webservice to monetize their Facebook applications. Buxter is ClickandBuy&#039;s Facebook application. With Buxter, Facebook users can transfer money to each other, as well as purchase items in Facebook apps. Using the API, developers can securely create purchase links, query the status of transactions and cancel transactions.
Image EXIF data service Photos image,photo,tools, EXIF.in is a simple service that allows users to view and remove EXIF data from images over HTTP. Users can add /strip to their HTTP GET request and get back a URI to an exact copy of the image with its EXIF data removed. Responses are formatted in JSON.
Restaurant reservations and information service Food booking,deadpool,food,reservations,restaurant, Online reservation software and marketing tools for 9,000 restaurants in 23 countries, mostly U.S. and northern Europe. The API provides third-party developers with access to all inventory data about participating restaurants, including description content, special offers, table availability, and more. It also provides booking and cancellation functionality. Applications using the API must require that a user accept Terms and Conditions for booking a restaurant before finalizing the booking.
Chemistry Patent Data Database database,reference,science,search, The SureChemDirect API is designed to allow occasional developer access to the complete collection of SureChem chemistry, patent full text and related metadata. By using the API developers can perform searches, set up alerts and enhance their personal databases with relevant chemistry patents.  The aim of the API is to allow developers access to the SureChem data with less limitations on how they access and use the data. 
Canadian open government data Government canada,government, Datadotgc is a non-government website aimed at liberating Canadian government data. Current datasets include environmental data; parks and protected areas; energy use statistics; weather; nutrition; parking, transportation; real estate; and more.   datadotgc is run on CKAN (Comprehensive Knowledge Archive Network) and datasets are accessible through the RESTful CKAN API. 
Ticket search service Events deadpool,events,tickets, TicketStumbler is a secondary ticket market search engine and comparison website. We search thousands of ticket listings from hundreds of brokers and ticket exchanges across the internet and present the information in an easy to view and use format. TicketStumbler allows simple ticket comparison, enabling you to find the best seats at the best prices.
Push notification service Office alert,notifications,office,surveys, SnapComms is a push notification solution for employee communication on desktop and mobile devices.  The SnapComms API gives organizations the ability to integrate the SnapComms push notifications with other platforms (for example, intranet and contact center solutions). Notification formats include: pop-up alerts, scrolling tickers, pop-up quizzes and surveys and interactive screensaver messaging.  Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service and login. 
Social commenting and photo sharing widget Social deadpool,photo,social,widget, Taggify is a widget that allows visitors of a web site to add comments and notes to the pictures on it. Other visitors can then see the notes when they mouse over the pictures.  This API allows users to replace the native Taggify authorization scheme with one of their own. This allows the widget to be integrated with membership websites like social networks where multiple users can use the widget. Using custom authorization allows memebers of the website to authorize only once on  without additional authorization by Taggify widget. In this case the Taggify widget completely delegates authorization to the website. 
Travel search service Travel travel, Use the TravEnjoy API to search for flights in the TravEnjoy system. Use parameters such as date leaving, date coming back, departure airport, arrival airport, number of adults, number of kids, number of babies, economy class, business class, or first class. TravEnjoy analyzes the websites of travel agencies, the airlines, and other sites to provide flight information, with an emphasis on flights in Spain.
Online publishing service Other books,ebooks,other,publishing,retail, Leanpub is a free online publishing service for authors. Users can publish both in-progress and completed books, allowing them to get readers&#039; feedback on the earlier versions. Authors can write using their preferred tools and then publish their manuscripts to PDF, iPad, and Kindle formats. Users can choose their own minimum and suggested prices, and they earn a 90% royalty minus 50? per sale. Users maintain all rights to their books and can choose to deal with a publisher at any time.
Instant messaging chat service Chat chat,deadpool,im,p2p,presence,VoIP, A plugin is a piece of code that adds features and functionality into the AIM client. For example, a plugin could be developed that displays AIM Fight scores for an entire Buddy List feature. Or, you could link &quot;away messages&quot; to your favorite music program. The AIM SDK is a client SDK that allows for creation of custom AIM clients, bots, and plugins for the AIM Triton client. It is currently availble for the Windows platform, Macintosh and Linux versions are planned for the near future.
Digital biodiversity library Science biology,catalog,Data,deadpool,library,science, The Biodiversity Heritage Library (BHL) is a consortium of natural history and botanical libraries. The BHL digitizes and makes available millions of pages of biological taxonomic literature, representing tens of thousands of titles and nearly 100,000 volumes. BHL provides an API to access, use, and share these records. It is a RESTful API, returning responses in JSON, XML, or XML wrapped in a SOAP envelope.
Mobile marketing SMS service Messaging marketing,messaging,mobile,sms, Mobile marketing SMS service  Getasms is platform for sending SMS messages over the internet. Getasms enables users to realize mobile marketing campaigns by allowing them to send SMS to a massive number of email addresses simultaneously.   The Getasms REST API allows developers to extend the functionality of their applications by integrating components of SMS marketing. Use the API to Synchronize address books and messages with CRM systems, Generate lists based on the actions of clients, and more. An API key is required.
Online OCR Service Security captcha,internet,ocr,security,tools, Pixodrom is a real-time image (captcha) to text decoding service that utilizes human workers from around the world. The Pixodrom API allows users to upload images(CAPTCHAs), set parameters, receive the decoded image(CAPTCHA) value, retrieve the status of the image(CAPTCHA) as well as several account related functions an queries. The service has an average efficiency of 90% and uses REST calls. The site is primarily in Russian. 
School test scores and other data Education education,reference,school, Education.com&#039;s SchoolFinder API gives you FREE school data on more than 130,000 public and private K-12 schools across the U.S. states. Use this API to get comprehensive information about a school&#039;s academic performance, test scores, student demographics, teacher statistics, and reviews from parents. 
Photo and video sharing service Photos deadpool,japan,photo,sharing,social,video, The Shutter is a free web service to enjoy photos and videos and share them on Twitter. Development is done by volunteers. An API is included that allows users to upload videos and images to Shutter from their web site or applications. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON. The site and documentation are in Japanese.
Mobile user acquisition network Enterprise advertising,enterprise,mobile,sales,user, Appia is a mobile user acquisition network. Appia provides solutions for mobile publishers, advertisers, and developers to draw users and customers.  The Appia API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Appia with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. 
Airport activity and weather information service Transportation airlines,airport,transportation,weather, The service provides reports of known delays and other airport status from the FAA&#039;s Air Traffic Control System Command Center (ATCSCC). It also returns current weather reports from NOAA for the airport.   Methods accept an IATA airport code and return a status message, reason for any flight delays, and average length of delays. Return data also includes the current weather forecast for the airport with update time local to that location.
Events database Events europe,events,local, The Happenr API allows integration of location-based event calendar information in any application. Tap into a large database of events from thousands of sources that is frequently updated. Each event comes with XY coordinates, so you can get the latest, hyper-localized events, which you can then integrate into your apps. Find out what&#039;s going on in Europe&#039;s top tourist cities. You can submit a city, county, province, country, long/latitude coordinates, event type, and preferred dates to get the specific information that you want.
Educational Application Creation Service Education education,learning,quiz, OpenMinds is a learning platform that transforms user content into learning applications. The application is then accessible to students and tracks their individual performance. The service is pre-loaded with over 5000 items for language arts(grades k-8) that are aligned with Common Core standards. The API can retrieve, created, edit, or delete data within a users resource folder. The API uses REST calls and will return JSON or txt. 
Photo Application Sharing and Attribution Service Photos mobile,photo,realtime,sharing,social, Treasu.re is a real-time mobile photo broadcasting platform. It is creating an ecosystem for all 80,000 camera apps. The service aims to make mobile photos more open and integrated online as well as provide attribution to the photographer and app from which the photo came. The Treasu.re API allows mobile app developers to ad hooks to the app to share photos with the Treau.re service. An account is required with service.
Electric vehicle charging network Transportation mapping,transportation,vehicle, The Blink Network is an electric vehicle charging infrastructure, composed of charging stations spread through 16 major metropolitan areas throughout the US. The BlinkMap API provides a RESTful interface for receiving network information such as charger locations, operation hours, rates, network status, and more. The API is able to retrieve all information in a geographical area, search a geographical area for objects and data types matching specified terms, or retrieve detailed information describing a specified single location.
Video directory and discovery service Video directory,Player,realtime,search,video, Magma is an online repository for video content. Users can search, find, and watch videos in a variety of genres and on various subjects. Users can also discover video content and browse the top 100 videos of the web at the current time.  The Magma API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Magma with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include searching videos, retrieving information about videos, retrieving embedding links, and getting information about video channels.
Local deals aggregation service Shopping aggregator,coupons,local,shopping, MyDealBag aggregates group buying daily deals from the leading group deal sites. The API lets developers use the data from the MyDealBag database to show daily deals on their sites or integrate into their own apps. Categories of data include cities, deals and categories. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML with JSON support in beta.    
Social bookmarking service Bookmarks bookmarks,collection,deadpool, From their site: The Ma.gnolia API makes available key features for accessing and managing bookmark collections data through other websites and online applications. Browser extensions, rich client-side bookmark collection managers and browsers, and the integration of Ma.gnolia content are all possible through this aspect of the service.
Social networking and media service Social deadpool,media,music,opensocial,social, The imeem Media Platform allows developers to create entirely new imeem experiences that utilize imeem???s extensive features, vast social graph, and robust library of music, videos, and photos. imeem delivers the underlying infrastructure and content licenses, leaving you free to focus on building great applications. As of May 2008, the imeem platform has full OpenSocial support. 
Test and Quiz Building Service Education business,education,merchant,quiz,sharing,tools, ProProfs is an online Quiz maker tool. It offers tool to create and share two types of namely scored and personality quizzes. The site provides the option to upload any documents including videos that can be referred before taking the scored quiz by quiz takers. It offers a choice of question types including multiple choice, check boxes, and matching. The API allows users to capture learner&#039;s data for a database of website. Example usages include inserting lead capture into a database such as name, email, or quiz taker or insert a name and information  for people that take certain test.  An account is required with service. 
Search engine optimization services Advertising advertising,search, Wordtracker currently supports the XML-RPC protocol only which can be accessed at xmlrpc.wordtracker.com. There is also a dummy version at test.xmlrpc.wordtracker.com which allows you to play with the interface without having an account. 
Cloud-based video platform Media Management media,tools,video, Impossible Software is a video advertising solutions provider. Their products allow advertisers and content producers to customize videos with cloud-based editing and delivery tools. With these web-based tools, clients can format and distribute their videos to target audiences efficiently. Impossible Software offers a RESTful media management API. The API exposes Impossiblea??s data uploading and exporting functionality, and returns JSON-formatted data. 
Real estate listings and search service Real Estate idx,realestate,search, Onboard Informatics helps real estate, media, and technology companies provide answers to user questions through their Lifestyle Listings Engine. This API is part of a suite of four APIs provided.  The Listings Web Service search plug-in enables National and Regional Real Estate Brokerages, Web Developers and Application Developers to display Internet Data Exchange (IDX) for sale property listings through a single interface. This service is designed to allow integration of IDX search capabilities into MLS board approved agent and broker websites with consistent search across markets.   Documentation is not publicly available on the web site.
Web based contact management PIM CRM,deadpool,office,pim, From their site: Contacts import API. You will still be able to see the imported contacts directly after import from your Outlook CSV file, but not be able to send them messages. With Piins, you will not, ever again, have to remember your bookmarks, call home because you forgot some important URL, or be lost because you left your blackberry or laptop at home, or forgot to synchronise devices! As long as you can access the internet, you&#039;ll be just fine!
Vehicle routing algorithm  Transportation logistics,route,transportation, VRPSolver is a web service that addresses the Vehicle Routing Problem. Specifically, VRPSolver was designed as part of a delivery planning system to address capacitated routing with a single depot. The service is built around genetic algorithms. VRPSolver is implemented as a SOAP web service. Access is free but does require a client key.
European affiliate marketing network Shopping affiliate,europe,shopping, Affilinet is a European affiliate marketing network. The Affilinet API allows developers to integrate Affilinet services with their applications. The API provides services that fall into three main categories:      * services to access the affilinet product database with over 25 million products across Europe     * services to access all data of the affilinet publisher account     * services through which advertisers can automate their interaction with our database.   The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Survey Creation Service Utility ratings,reviews,sharing,social,surveys,utility, Cogix provides survey creation software that is extensible and fully customizable. It allows users to create web based surveys, assessments, data collection systems, quizzes, tests and polls. The Cogix Ratings API facilitates the construction of rating systems for articles, photos, videos, and products. Each set can be rated, ratings can be retrieved,  as well as other calls. The API uses REST calls and can return XML. 
Stock photography and images marketplace Photos photo,stockphoto, Cutcaster is an online marketplace for stock photography, illustrations, and graphics. Artists can share and sell their photos, illustrations, and graphics, and buyers can search and buy the images.   The Cutcaster API allows developers to access and integrate Custcaster functionality and content into other applications. Some example API methods include searching for images, embedding images into other sites, and selling images under other brands. Public documentation is not available; developers who are interested should contact webmaster@cutcaster.com for more information and access to the API.
Online CRM service Enterprise enterprise,office,sbweb, Capsule is an online CRM used to track contacts, manage sales and projects. The API allows users to interface with the Capsule system. The Capsule API is implemented in a RESTful style using XML or JSON over HTTP.
3D Landscape Tool Mapping 3d,mapping,norway,photo,sweden,telephony, The Ericcson Labs 3D Lanscape tool is available in several different SDKs and as a web service. The 3D Landscape web service API is a RESTful API that returns a JPG image based on the request parameters. The 3D images can be used as standalone images, or be integrated into other map applications.  Currently, 3D Landscapes are only available for the cities of Oslo (Norway) and Stockholm (Sweden).
Hotel Search and Booking Service Travel affiliate,booking,hotel,travel, Update: Soon, Easytobook will release a REST API.   Easytobook provides hotel bookings for more than 120,000 hotels in over 9,000 cities. The Easytobook API provides a SOAP-based API to facilitate hotel searching and booking applications. Developers can retrieve a list of cities, get hotels for a particular city, check hotel availability, look for cheap hotel rooms, get other room information, retrieve hotel photos and other hotel information, as well as book the hotel on behalf of their users. Developers can also retrieve specific booking information, to be built into their customer service applications.  The API also has an affiliate program to pay out a percentage of booking fees to developers. Because the API uses SOAP, data is formatted as XML.
Meteorological and oceanographic information service Weather government,spain,weather, MeteoGalicia is the regional meteorological agency for Galicia, Spain. MeteoGalicia provides operative weather forecasts, numerical weather forecasts, meteorological visualization and climatology.  MetoGalicia&#039;s MeteoSIX API is a free web service for access to meteorological and oceanographic information. Use the API to retrieve tide forecasts, estimated sunrise and sunset hours, and results of the different numeric forecast models. The API is RESTful and an API key is required.
Cloud-based enterprise content management service Enterprise cms,documents,enterprise, The cloud-based enterprise content management platform allows applications to assemble customized services matched to specific needs. Available functions include configuring document-storage spaces, structured by user-defined folders and metadata, along with supporting workflow processes for updates, review, and publishing.  API methods support CRUD actions (create, read, update, delete) for folders, documents, and descriptive metadata. Workflow methods provide for automation of repeatable processes, step status review, check-in/checkout of documents, and related functions. 
Data integration service Enterprise cloud,Data,enterprise,sharing, Informatica is a provider of data integration software and services. Informatica Cloud addresses specific business processes (customer/product master synchronization, opportunity to order, etc.) and point-to-point data integration requirements (e.g. Salesforce.com to on premise or cloud-to-cloud end-points).  Informatica Cloud allows users to integrate data across cloud-based applications such as Salesforce CRM as well as on-premise databases and applications. In addition to data integration it can handle business processes such as customer/product master synchronization, opportunity to order, and more. Key capabilities include data quality, data replication and data loading. The API allows for custom integrations with the platform. Public documentation is not available.
French mapping service Mapping display,france,mapping,viewer, The Mappy AJAX API provides comprehensive mapping and routing functionalities to incorporate on Internet and mobile sites. Extensive coverage of France and Spain. With geocoding and routing. Also access to 6 million facade pictures and millions of POIs (restaurant, car rental agencies, etc.) with Tele Atlas.
Driving directions service Mapping Directions,mapping,openstreetmap,places, Provides driving, walking and biking directions via web service. Basic directions between two pairs of latitude/longitude points are supported, as well as more advanced directions options. The service allows developers to pass multiple points and receive directions for the entire trip. CloudMade is built on top of OpenStreetMap data.
Mobile marketing messaging service Messaging marketing,messaging,mobile,sms, The SerwerSMS platform is a mobile marketing and communications solution that provides bulk SMS, MMS and VMS messaging services. SerwerSMS offers an API for remote access to their services. Example API functions include the dispatch of standard SMS, sending personalized SMS messages, checking the status of messages, and downloading incoming messages. Responses are returned in XML.
Flight routing data service Travel flight,route,travel, Flight Routing is an API hosted by Mashape. It lets users get flight routing options, currently covering European and US airspace. For European airspace, users can retrieve CFMU validated (time sensitive) routing options. The API uses RESTful calls.
Twitter user comparison service Social social,Twitter, The Zutual API allows you programmatic access to the Zutual platform, which is a service that uses advanced artificial intelligence to calculate what any two twitter users have in common with one another.
Bond price data service Financial financial,stocks, The Bonds service provides price data for more than 200,000 U.S. corporate and agency bonds. Developers can power their applications with up-to-date U.S. corporate and agency bond price information. Bond Price and Yield Data includes all the details such as Last Trade, Daily and Yearly Open/High/Low, Volume, Accrued Interest, Yield to Maturity, Convexity to Maturity. The API uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Online ad management service Advertising advertising,deadpool, The service manages clients&#039; web and video advertising through an open exchange implementing an auction where advertisers and web publishers agree to place ads. A user page view triggers a call to the service, which determines which advertising offering best matches the page and delivers that ad. Clients can access tools to track their ad exposure, click rates, and conversion.  API methods support creating ad campaigns and defining criteria for matching them to content. The API also provides methods for reporting on and managing client accounts and ad campaigns.
Convert HTML into PDF Office conversion,office,pdf,utility, This API allows users to convert webpages into PDF docuuments. PDFmyURL is a solution for HTML to PDF creation. Site builders can integrate functions for converting content into PDF&#039;s. The core service is free. Features; manage format, layout, output, page titles, embedded links, page breaks, posting HTML, etc. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are HTML or PNG files.
Blog Search Service Blogging blog,feeds,search,SEO,sweden, The Twingly API allows users query Twingly&#039;s blog search index for commercial purposes. The API is accessible using an API key and returns XML for queries over HTTP. The Twingly service allows users to search for content relevant to them across the &quot;blogosphere&quot; and, if desired, display it directly on a webpage. 
CRM services Enterprise CRM,customer,deadpool,enterprise, Upsales is a web based CRM that lets users keep track of clients and contacts, manage their sales team and analyze important KPIs in real-time. Upsales provides an API for accessing and manipulating the data in Upsales CRM. With the API developers can integrate business applications with Upsales CRM. Functionality includes accessing and mass importing data, create, add, change and delete clients, contacts, projects, orders, opportunities, activities, appointments, products and users. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are in XML.
Renewal energy impact estimation service Weather energy,environment,weather, The service provides a tool for estimating cost savings and environmental benefits from renewable energy system installations. It is available both via a customizable web interface and a SOAP API. It accepts inputs such as the location of a proposed system and its likely performance parameters such as technologies employed, specific models and numbers of equipment to be used, and similar project specifications.   API methods support analysis of project characteristics to generate estimates of economic benefits and environmental improvements. Specifications to be input include equipment, quantities, and costs as well as other relevant estimates such as natural gas prices, electric service rates, weather data source, and financing details. The API generates summaries of system cost and financial performance, expected utility bills and system cash flow, and power load along with reduction in emissions from conventional electricity generation. 
Social network platform for workplaces Enterprise blog,chat,communication,enterprise,networking,social, Tibbr is a social networking platform designed specifically for the workplace. Tibbr offers a variety of features for workplace content sharing, communication, and project management. Tibbr&#039;s features include microblogging, instant messaging, screen sharing, and customizable applications.   The Tibbr API allows developers to access and integrate the data and functionality of Tibbr with other applications. Some example API methods include managing users, retrieving messages, posting messages, and searching subjects.
URL shortening and analytics service Internet internet,links,tracking,url-shortener, Strim is a URL shortening service that also tracks use and summarizes web content. When Strim is used to share links and content, it tracks usage data in order to provide in-depth analytics that reflect user engagement. This simple application was built by The Data Forge and is available for anyone to use.
Location based advertising Advertising advertising, From their site: Features geographic services, such as find-the-nearest store, restaurant reservations, hotel bookings, golf reservations, local weather and other services. Easily integrate third-party map systems, local directories and your own location-specific content,
Earthquake engineering services Science earthquakes,research,science, The NEESit API lets earthquake engineers organize and share their data, participate in experiments and more. Use methods to access all data in NEEScentral, including CRUD capabilities through the API and file uploading. Located at the San Diego Supercomputer Center and supported by the National Science Foundation, the NEES Cyberinfrastructure Center (NEESit) seeks to give IT tools and  infrastructure so that earthquake  engineers can remotely engage in  experiments, do simulations, organize and share data, and collaborate.
Mobile travel itinerary service Travel app,Itinerary,mobile,travel, WorldMate is a mobile travel itinerary management platform. The platform collates structured itineraries by recognizing and then parsing confirmation emails from travel providers worldwide. The itineraries are then accessible via the WorldMate web application and a mobile application.  The WorldMate API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of WorldMate with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include parsing emails, retrieving traveller information, and retrieving travel provider information.
File sharing and FTP service File Sharing file-sharing,FTP,sbweb, SmartFile is a file-sharing and FTP platform. SmartFile allows users to send, receive, and manage files on the web and over email.   The SmartFile API allows developers to access and integrate the SmartFile functionality into other applications. Some example API methods include creating user accounts, integrating online backups, managing user accounts, and adding file sharing to other applications.
Contact tracking, sales lead, and proposal management system Enterprise contacts,deadpool,enterprise,sales, The service provides contact tracking and sales force management within the architecture, contractor, and engineering (A/E/C) sector. In addition to tracking communications with prospective customers and sales force automation, it helps with generation of proposal documentation to carry sales communications through the bidding process.  API methods support lead generation as well as logging of communications with customers by sales and promotional staff to enable well-informed follow-up. Methods also support integration with sales management and financial applications. 
Bandsintown consolidates ticket prices, concert information, and live concert media all in one place. Bandsintown implemented the Echo Nest audio feeds in their music player to allow users to sample an artist who is playing a local concert. null celebrity,events,mapping,music, Bandsintown consolidates ticket prices, concert information, and live concert media all in one place. Bandsintown implemented the Echo Nest audio feeds in their music player to allow users to sample an artist who is playing a local concert.
US Congress database service Government government,politics, From their site: GovTrack.us tracks the U.S. Congress and is a reference for legislation, votes, Members of Congress, congressional districts, and the congressional record. The database that powers the site is also made freely available, and several APIs are available. APIs are URLs on GovTrack that serve XML rather than HTML. They are intended to be called by applications to retrieve data dynamically.
Bank account verification service Financial banking,security,uk,validation,verification, BankAccountChecker.com lets users verify, check and validate bank account and sortcode details. The API returns a validation code and a validation description for the UK bank account and sort code provided. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Create and distribute your widget through the world&#039;s largest widget gallery Widgets bebo,f8,facebook,gadgets,opensocial,widgets, Our mission is to help people make and get widgets and apps for their social network profile, blog, or start page.  Through our AppAccelerator, developers can easily convert their web widgets into standalone Facebook and Bebo applications.
Cloud printing and mailing API Office cloud,infrastructure,mail,office,printing, Lob is a cloud printing API capable of automating the on-demand printing and mailing documents such as posters, photos, invoices, checks, and much more. Lob is a RESTful service designed to have predictable, resource-oriented URLs. Access requires a customer account and API Key. 
Service to send printed greeting cards Social postal,printing,saas,sbweb,social,web-to-post, The enthusem.com API allows developers to create and send printed greeting cards that are delivered by the postal service. In addition, the cards can include links back to online content to combine printed and online media.
Document service  Job Search employment,europe,job-search,jobs,resume, Europass is an EU initiative for helping people make their skills and qualifications clearly and easily understood in Europe. The initiative aims to increase the transparency of qualifications and the mobility of citizens in Europe via a portfolio of documents containing descriptions of all learning achievements, official qualifications, work experience, and skills and competences.  Europass provides a RESTful API as a means to use Europass services in automated ways. Use the service to remotely generate Europass documents. Data transport is realized through secure hypertext transfer protocol (HTTPS).
Mapping, directions, and travel booking services Travel europe,mapping,places,travel, The ViaMichelin APIs provide users with access to high quality maps, car and pedestrian itineraries, proximity and integrated booking search engine. APIs are offered using REST, SOAP or JavaScript protocol.
Authentication services Security authentication,deadpool,identity,security,social, From their site: You can use the API to integrate TokBox into your site and auto-register/auto-authenticate your users. This way, you can seamlessly offer your users an option to chat with each other live or send each other video messages. There are two ways to integrate TokBox on websites: embedding the widget and using the API. While embedding the widget is a simple way of using a TokBox account on any webpage (like a personal webpage or your favorite social network profile page), the API is designed for developers of other websites, so their users can register and use TokBox on that website.
Business expense tracking tool Enterprise deadpool,enterprise,expenses,invoicing,productivity, 1DayLater is a web-tool that lets users track day-to-day time, money and mileage. Data can be tracked through a web browser or mobile app and the service provides visualizations to help with analysis. The API uses RESTful calls to allow developers and coders to access many of the 1DayLater features and data. Responses are returned in either XML, JSON or JSONp format.
Business information and contacts directory Enterprise business,enterprise,reference, Jigsaw is an online directory of free, downloadable Company information and more than 11 million business Contacts. Every Jigsaw business Contact is complete with hard-to-find direct dials and email addresses, while each Company record gives the low down on Company size, location, and industry.
Rail travel planning service Travel scheduling,tickets,trains,travel, SilverRail Technologies offers a global rail platform to improve online travel planning. They consolidate passenger rail content from around the world into a single integrated technology platform to help Railways and Travel Distributors to easily connect with each other. Their API allows travel sellers to access fares and pricing, routes and schedules, payment processing, rules and ticketing information.  Travel Sellers may choose to access the rail product via either of two technologies offered by SilverRail:       WEB SERVICE: Air-like interface, standardized queries and responses and end-to-end functionality across global rail content.     WHITE LABEL: Customized websites and widgets available for immediate website plug-in, leveraging the SilverRail Web Service.  Documentation is not publicly available.
Legal directory Reference database,directory,law,reference, Martindale-Hubbell is a legal directory that contains information on law firms, banks an real estate offices as well as a digest of the collected laws of each state and court calendars. The database now contains more than one million lawyer profiles, forty thousand plus articles, topical discussion groups, forums, and peer-to-peer networking. An API is offered that will allow sites to access Martindale-Hubbell content and functionality and build deep, rich integrations. Full documentation is not publicly available but developers can contact mhdevelopers@lexisnexis.com for more information.
Web based CRM Office CRM,enterprise,office, YouTargets is a web based CRM system. It offers customers all of the traditional functionality of CRM systems such as management of up to 30,000 contacts, tracking deals, setting up tasks and grouping contacts on a per project basis. An API is available that allows developers to integrate the functionality of YouTargets with their existing websites or applications. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML or JSON.
Environmental database Science environment,government,science, Envirofacts is a service of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. It provides search access to multiple environmental databases which may include data on such things as toxic chemical releases, water discharge permit compliance, hazardous waste handling processes, Superfund status, and air emission estimates, among others.  The Envirofacts API uses the REST and SOAP protocols and returns responses in XML, CSV, and Excel formats.
eBay alerts and notifications service Shopping alerts,Data,notifications,realtime,shopping, The eBay Client Alerts API allows developers to get near real-time updated data on eBay. Data includes seller and buyer events such as price changes, items ending, end of auction, item won and more. Developers can use this data to build updated and lightweight alerting and notification applications. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Business data and file service Enterprise analytics,bigdata,business,Data,enterprise,file, Roambi provides services and applications for businesses. Roambi provides data analytics, file and data management, mobile applications for businesses on the go, and other services for efficiency and enterprise.  The Roambi Business API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Roambi Business with other applications. Some example API methods include uploading files, managing files, and managing account information. 
Interactive map of Switzerland Mapping display,mapping,switzerland,viewer, Map.Search.ch provides a map of Switzerland with route planner. The JavaScript API of map.search.ch lets users embed the interactive map of Switzerland in any website or web-based application. Using the API users can also add custom Points of Interest (POIs) to the map widget.
Social navigation application Travel gps,location,navigation,social,travel, Waze is a social mobile application providing free turn-by-turn navigation based on the live conditions of the road. The API uses the international server (i.e. not including US and Canada maps) to display driving conditions on a live map. With the API users can customize the frame size, the center (lat/lon) and the default zoom level. The API uses RESTful calls and returns map objects.
Aalto University course portal information Education education, Aalto University is a new multidisciplinary university, where science and art meet technology and business. The University is located in Espoo and Helsinki in Finland. Aalto University provides an API for Noppa, its course portal. The RESTful API allows read only access to course information. Responses may be JSON or XML formatted. JSONP callbacks are supported.
All recent New York Times articles in summary News news,reference,search, With the Times Newswire API, you can get links and metadata for Times articles as soon as they are published on NYTimes.com. The Times Newswire API provides an up-to-the-minute stream of published items.
Business payment solution provider Payment billing,ecommerce,enterprise,payment, FirstACH is a business and eCommerce payment solution. FirstACH can be integrated with business and account management software and applications to make and receive payments.  The FirstACH API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of FirstACH with other applications and systems. Some example API methods include automating transactions, retrieving payment information, and managing account information. 
Online restaurant menus and ordering service Food food,menus,restaurant, The API provides functionality for consumers and restaurants to access the Open Dining Network for viewing menus and placing or taking meal orders. The Open Dining Network lists menus for restaurants for customers to search and order from via web and mobile devices. The REST API allows for common consumer tasks such as searching for nearby restaurants or menu items, viewing a restaurant or menu item&#039;s details and building an order. For restaurants, the API allows for common administrative tasks such as adding a new menu item, updating existing menu offerings and changing business hours. Additional information at http://support.opendining.net/customer/portal/topics/554435-api-reference/articles
Email marketing service Advertising advertising,email,marketing, LiveIntent is an email marketing platform. It offers a network for programmatic display advertising. Publishers can use it to sell advertising space in their newsletters, and advertisers may use it to deliver relevant ads in relevant newsletters. The LiveIntent API exposes the platforma??s reporting functionality. This allows developers and businesses to see insightful data about their advertisements and partners.
SMS text messaging service Messaging Global,messaging,sms,telephony, abctext.com is a site that provides text messaging (SMS) for private individuals and businesses around the world. This online text messaging service uses a SOAP interface and returns results in XML.
Business information service Financial business,finance,money,stocks, Provides financial information on US and Canadian publicly traded companies, including historical financial statements (balance sheets, cash flow statements, income statements and ratios) going back 20+ years. Additionally, provides information on executives, including current and historical compensation, biography, insider holdings and insider transactions. 
Relational database service in the cloud Database database,paas, Amazon Relational Database Service, aka Amazon RDS, is a web service that lets you set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-effective and resizable capacity. Amazon RDS gives you access to the full capabilities of a MySQL database. Thus the code, apps, and tools you already use today with your existing MySQL databases work as-is with Amazon RDS. The API provides 
Cloud Database Service Database cloud,database, Xeround is a company providing a cloud database SaaS that is fully compatible with MySQL and is stored on Xeround&#039;s servers on Amazon EC2 and RackSpace. The Xeround Cloud Database API is a SOAP or REST API that allows developers to build their own cloud database management software/application or integrate their cloud management into existing applications. The Xeround API is only available to registered users of the Xeround&#039;s cloud database service.
Content analysis service Internet NLP,semantic,tagging, Amplify is a web service developed by Hapax that brings human understanding to content. Using patented Natural Language Processing technology, Amplify reads and understands every word used in text. It identifies the significant topics, brands, people, perspectives, emotions, actions and timescales and presents the findings in an actionable XML structure.
Mine social media for commercial intent (buying signals, questions, life events, et al). Social intent,marketing,sales,social,text, Sales and marketing professionals use NeedTagger&#039;s applications to mine social media for people expressing important types of commercial intent (questions, complaints, requests for help, life events, buying signals) related to their business.  The Social Signals API lets developers access and integrate NeedTagger&#039;s intent-mining service into their applications. Example API methods include analyzing social media content for more than 70 types of intent and updating the API with custom &quot;signals&quot; (natural language filters) created using NeedTagger&#039;s web application.
EMail service Email email,gmail,OAuth, Google Gmail now supports the standard IMAP and SMTP protocols for accessing and sending e-mail messages. The Gmail IMAP and SMTP servers have been extended to support authorization via the industry-standard OAuth protocol. This allows third party applications to access a user&#039;s email account with their permission.
Retail shopping catalog Shopping shopping, The Sears API exposes the Sears eCommerce catalog. The platform provides access to Sears&#039; product catalog, featuring full product information including pricing, availability, specifications, descriptions and images. Use it to embed the Sears products wherever you want in your websites
Electrical power cost estimation service Financial cost,energy,financial, The service provides estimates of energy cost and expenditures related to investments in energy efficiency or renewable energy systems. By calculating probable energy bills with and without those investments, it can help demonstrate cost savings and return on the resources invested. Calculations are based in part on utility services available and rates at a location, as well as electrical load profiles.  API methods support varying procedures for calculating probable electric power bills based on assumptions, including current utility rates, specified in a request. The API gives access to detailed calculations such as hourly load profile, total energy consumption over a period of time, and detailed line items expected in an electric service bill, among others. Methods can adapt and provide estimates based on only partial information. 
In-browser telephone service Telephony flash,telephony,Voice, RTCkit is a telephony service that allows users to embed a component called Flash WebPhone in their websites. This component allows visitors to make phone calls from their browsers without installing any additional software. The Flash WebPhone component is controlled using the RTCkit JavaScript API. A separate HTTP API is used to manage settings, billing, and usage statistics.
Consumer wiki farm Wiki wiki, From their site: PBwiki is the world&#039;s largest consumer wiki farm. PBwiki is going to be rolling out an API for letting developers access and update their wikis programmatically. 
Cloud-based SaaS  Enterprise business,cloud,enterprise,government, Bizowie is a cloud-solutions technology company. Bizowie offers cloud-based software-as-a-service platforms for enterprise, companies, governments, and more.  The Bizowie API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Bizowie with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact info@bizowie.com. 
Up to 2 Gb to share geolocated photos. null mapping,photo, Up to 2 Gb to share geolocated photos.
Internet TV platform  Video deadpool,media,social,television, Medizza TV is a web-based TV platform. Users can create networks of multiple channels and populate them with original video content. These channels can be monetized as packages and video storefronts. Medizza will encode usersa?? video as they upload it and allow them to manage their content with metadata, image, and more. The Medizza API exposes account and content updating functionality and returns both XML and JSON-formatted data. 
Fueling station location service Mapping energy,fuel,geolocation,mapping, The service provides listings and locations for stations providing fuel for vehicles powered by technologies other than gasoline and diesel engines. These alternative fuel stations can be rare and widely distributed, making them difficult to find and reducing the appeal of the technologies. The service is intended to counterbalance that effect by publicizing the locations of alternative fuel stops.  API methods support queries against a database of alternative fuel stations. Results can provide either complete listings or the locations of the stations within a particular radius or nearest a location specified by street address, city and state, Zip Code, or latitude and longitude. Returned data provide the station name and location along with particulars like fuel types available and payment methods accepted.
Face and Scene Image Recognition Photos face,photo,recognition, The Rekognition API provides facial and scene image recognition optimized for social photo applications. Utilizing the eyes, mouth, face and nose along with mood recognition and sex dependent characteristics the Rekognition API can predict sex, age and emotion. The API is RESTful with JSON formatting and can also be used with clients such as Python, Obj-C, Ruby, Java and PHP.
Face Recognition Photos deadpool,face,photo,recognition, The face.com API offer services for detecting, recognizing, and tagging faces in any photo, through a REST API. Developers can tag and recognize users from Facebook or Twitter. Alternatively, you can train our index with your own set of users in a private namespace. Saving Facebook and Twitter tags improves recognition for you and others, and it qualifies you for better rate limits. 
Flash-Based Mapping API Mapping actionscript,display,flash,mapping, UMap is an ActionScript 3.0 Mapping API. The scalable component model allows you to create rich maps with interactive data layers. Our flexible API enables developers to build fully-customized solutions. The current version is integrated with OpenStreetMap and Microsoft Virtual Earth map data.
Photo sharing platform Photos photo, Zenfolio provides photographers to create a portfolio to showcase their photos. Photographers can organize, present and protect their images, as well as print and sell photos, using the Zenfolio service. The Zenfolio API provides outside developers with the same features and functionality used by Zenfolio.  Developers can incorporate Zenfolio uploading into their photo application, or provide your own interface to simple photo editing, such as photo rotation and meta-data editing.
Blog management Blogging blog,sbweb, The TypePad Developer Program is your gateway to the TypePad Cloud Platform. Build your own social applications with TypePad?s data and social graph objects. Grow and scale social communities with the new TypePad Motion microblogging application. Customize your TypePad blog layout and design with Advanced Templates. 
Job search service Job Search jobs, LinkUp is a job search engine that only lists jobs taken directly from over 20,000 company websites. Developers can use the API to develop their own custom job searching solutions. Access the data directly in both XML and JSON formats. Full documentation is not publicly available.
Contact information management service Email contacts,email, CardDAV is an open standard that Google developed for accessing contact information all across the internet. The Google CardDAV API uses the CardDAV protocol to let users view and manage the contacts stored in their Google accounts programmatically. The API allows client applications to create, edit, delete, and search the user&#039;s contacts using REST calls. The Google CardDAV API has been integrated with the Google APIs Console so that developers can add it to their projects simply by enabling it on the Console.
WordPress search tool Search blog,function,lookup,search,wordpress, wpSEEK is a tool for searching WordPress. This API allows users to retrieve version information, function details, Hooks, Actions, code snippets, similar functions or forum topics about a certain search term. Using RESTful calls, it returns results in JSON format.
Volume-Weighted average stock price tracking  Financial finance,stocks, The XigniteVWAP API gives you access to intraday and historical volume weighted average price. You can find historical vwap, daily, weekly, monthly, realtime vwap and more.
iPad point-of-sale service Retail payment,pos,restaurant,retail, Revel Systems is a point-of-sale (POS) solution for the iPad, web, and mobile. Revel Systems POS system works with other applications and provides customized reports.   The Revel Systems API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Revel with other applications. Some example API methods include managing accounts, managing items, and managing payments. 
Random cat pictures Photos cats,fun,image,photo,Random, The Cat API is a free web service providing developer access to random cat pictures. API users can specify the number of returned results, image type, image size, and the category of the cat picture. The API also allows an application to vote on images, retrieve votes, favorite images, list categories, and much more.
Flash games provider Games deadpool,flash,games, CasualCafe is a browser-based game arcade which uses Flash technology. CasualCafe includes social networking features and offers Facebook integration. The API uses REST and JavaScript protocols. Responses are formatted in XML.
German company cluster information service Enterprise business,enterprise,german,reference, CORIS (Cluster Oriented Regional Information System) collects and maintains information on clusters - networks of companies and their supporting facilities. CORIS MittelfrankenPlus covers information on cluster in the Middle Franconia region of Germany. Users can register with CORIS to add and maintain their own company data.  The CORIS MittelfrankenPlus API allows users to retrieve information - such as companies and company relationships - from CORIS. The CORIS website is provided solely in German.
Mobile push notification platform Messaging messaging,mobile,push, Notifo???s API allows any site to quickly offer Push Notifications by inserting a few lines of code. This means that a user can get all of their notifications from various sources in a single place. Notifo is a platform for real-time mobile notifications across multiple sources. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON. 
Musical compositions archive search Music music,search, The Alan Bush Music Trust is a charity established to promote public education and appreciation for music, especially with regards to the works of British composer Alan Bush. The website serves as an archive of Alan Bush&#039;s music and related information.  The Music Trust provides the Compositions API to enable users to search the archve&#039;s musical compositions and categories programmatically. This service uses SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Web page changes subscription tool Tools extraction,internet,subscription,tools,website, Diffbot is a tool that identifies and extracts the main content and sections from any web page. Diffbot Follow allows users to follow the changes on any web page.   The Diffbot Follow API allows developers to access and integrate the Follow functionality with other applications and to create new applications. The main API method is retrieving web page changes. 
Job search services for developers and designers Job Search jobs, The Authentic Jobs API allows you to build a jobs mashup. Use the API to list jobs, list locations of jobs, job types, jobs at certain companies, and so on. Get results returned back according to Freelance-only or Full time jobs. Authentic Jobs specializes in hooking up standards-aware designers and developers with companies seeking to hire them. You can filter the results to show only Designer jobs or only Developer jobs.
Flash games directory Games flash,games,social, The NewHaze API enables websites to be able to add games from the library to their websites. NewHaze is a gaming website providing you with every single flash game on the internet. The API can also be used for software applications to enable software developers to incorporate flash games into their applications. The API is accessed via HTTP POST and can return either JSON or XML. There is also the OpenAPI which allows you to grab data out of the system to build more creative implementations of the API.
Traffic information service Travel traffic,travel, The Bing Traffic API provides information about traffic incidents and issues, such as construction sites and traffic congestion. Traffic incident information is currently available for the United States and Canada. Users can also get information about traffic issues that met the criteria specified in the URL request, such as map area, incident type and severity. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Blog search service Search blog,russia,search, Yandex is the largest search engine in Russia and develops a number of Internet-based services and products. Yandex offers owners of websites and blogs tools with which they can apply the functional services of Yandex in their projects. The site and documentation are in Russian.   The Blog Search API is a tool that lets integrate the Yandex Blog Search service on their site, whether it is a personal blog, forum or blogohosting. The API can index a personal blog or any blogs on any platform and perform a detailed search. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML or RSS.
Legal practice management service Office law,management,office, Clio is a legal practice management system suitable for small to mid-sized law firms. It offers a suite of tools to help users manage their practice including document management, time tracking, billing, scheduling and more. The Clio API allows users to access functionality of the system and data stored within. Functionality includes operations on activities, bills, contacts, matters, tasks and users. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Cloud data service for Intuit apps like QuickBooks Enterprise accounting,enterprise,office, The Intuit Data Service provides a secure data repository in the cloud for a business data from Intuit applications and platforms like QuickBooks. It also gives authorized users of that data to securely read and write data to the repository using Intuit Workplace applications. These subscribed-to applications provide features that increase the value of the data.
Photo album retrieval service Photos photo,social, The San Luis Obispo Country Club is a private country club located among the hills and vineyards of California. Their website hosts a photo album, which is not available to the general public. The Photo Album API enables users to load all or some of the images from the photo album onto their own websites. This API is accessible via SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Alerts service for UK local planning alerts Real Estate deadpool,email,realestate,uk, From their site: Searches as many local authority planning websites as it can find and emails you details of applications near you. The aim of this to enable shared scrutiny of what is being built (and knocked down) in peoples communities.
Online storage provider Storage sharing,storage, Dropbox is a storage service that syncs files online and across your computers via installed software. The API allows read/write access to the same files, piggybacking on Dropbox&#039;s file synchronization and storage.
Text translation service Utility language,Translation, With the AJAX Language API, you can translate and detect the language of blocks of text within a webpage using only Javascript.  The language API is designed to be simple and easy to use to translate and detect languages on the fly when offline translations are not available.
Tamper evident and digital evidence ready data Security authentication,Data,deadpool,digital,integrity,security, Kinamik&#039;s API enables tamper evidence to digital data in real-time.  The API allows developers to create strong cryptographic digital signatures on granular data records as they are received ensuring data cannot be interested, modified or deleted without it being detectable.     The API handles any type of binary data including but not limited to audit log data, IMs, emails, files, digital audio and/or video surveillance feeds.  It pin points to any changed data whilst providing assurances of the rest of the data?s trustworthiness and ensuring its digital evidence readiness.    Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact info@kinamik.com. 
DWG file cloud service Project Management cloud,design,project-management, The Autodesk AutoCAD API allows users to access and edit their DWG files from any computer or mobile device using only a web browser. This allows designers and engineers to access their plans at all times without having to print out copies or carry a flash drive. The need to back up one&#039;s files is eliminated as well, since all versions of the DWG files are stored on a timeline for easy access and auditing.
Mobile backend platform Backend application,backend,development,mobile, Applicasa is a server side solution that lets developers build backends for their mobile apps. Applicasas offers a drag and drop interface for database creation allowing a backend to be built in minutes. The Applicasa API contains CRUD functions, filters, paging, sorting and queries such as push notification, scheduling and API calling options. Responses are formatted in JSON. 
Rich media embed utility Video photo,utility,video, Get embed code via API from over 100 different sites. Videos, images and other rich content can be added to your site using the oEmbed standard and Embed.ly&#039;s API to retrieve embedding information.
Search real estate listings at Trulia and see them plotted on Google Maps. null mapping,realestate, Search real estate listings at Trulia and see them plotted on Google Maps.
Media homepage tracking and archiving Internet archive,internet,media,news,tracking, PastPages is a website that tracks and archives the shifting homepages of major media sites. PastPages provides free programmatic access to its website through an API. The API is able to deliver screenshots, metadata, updates, and more.
Document automation and production service Enterprise document-automation,documents,enterprise,organization, Inforama is a document automation software provider. It is available in both online and enterprise versions to help businesses select the best solution for their electronic documentation production needs. Inforama offers enterprise partners access to its API. The API allows users to integrate Inforama with their existing CRM or database, launch the document engine, select color or b/w printing, return documents in formats including ODT, RTF, PDF and more. The API uses REST or SOAP protocol. Full documentation is not publicly available.
Microblogging service Blogging deadpool,microblogging,social, Use the identi.ca API to include Identi.ca either as an option in your programs or as the main platform for development. The Identi.ca API supports an API compatible with Twitter&#039;s, based on the open source project StatusNet. Identi.ca users can post small (140 chars or less) text notices and also subscribe to others&#039; posts. Also, Identi.ca now supports a full feed of the public timeline via XMPP, which is likely most useful for data aggregators. Identi.ca is different from Twitter, Jaiku, Pownce, Plurk, and others because it is open, transparent, built on free software, and all the data is openly available via the Creative Commons Attribution license.
Media playing and tweeting service Music music,ranking,sharing,social, SocialPlay is a local media player that can be used to play songs and share them on Twitter. Users get ranked by popularity, which is based on points awarded each time a song they share gets &quot;hearted&quot; or retweeted with a #NP. The SocialPlay REST API enables users to post songs or playlists to Twitter programmatically.
Real-time blog search service Search blog,realtime,search, The IceRocket API provides real time blog searching capabilities to users. IceRocket is a search engine company specializing in real time blog and social site searching. The API does not have public documentation.
Web page and subpage language translation Utility language,Translation, The Microsoft Translator AJAX API provides automated translation of web pages and portions of web pages into different languages.
Digital media analytics Advertising adcenter,adwords,analytics,bing,doubleclick,facebook, Adigami offers a digital media analytics monitoring and aggregation tool that lets users view their data in a single dashboard. The REST API is designed to jumpstart developers who need access to all the major web advertising analytics data. Support is included for Google AdWords and Analytics, Microsoft adCenter (Bing and Yahoo search ads), Facebook Ads, Facebook Social (Graph API), Twitter, DoubleClick (display and search results from ReportCentral), Yahoo APT (display ads), SendGrid, MailChimp, and Verve Wireless. It gives users a few dozen or so standard calls that are applicable across many platforms. Responses are formatted in JSON.
Shipping Information, Labels, and Tracking Service Shipping shipping,shopping, From website: &quot;With our Website API (Application Programming Interface), you can seamlessly integrate your existing website, e-commerce system or back office software into Despatch Bay. Website integration will enable your site to automatically create Despatch Bay labels as part of your checkout process, validate addresses and postcodes and we can even provide you with a realtime list of available delivery options per postcode with costs, ensuring that your customers always choose a valid delivery option based on their delivery address. With further integration you can even make use of our tracking data within your website.&quot;
Share Links Between Browsers Bookmarks bookmarks,internet,social, Most of SendTab&#039;s functionality is within an extension for web browsers. The extension lets you share links instantly between computers. You are, in essence, sending tabs from one computer to another, where you can then open up the link to view. You can then return to previously sent tabs through a searchable history, so it&#039;s also a bookmarking service.  The SendTab API is RESTful and allows developers incorporate SendTab data into their own applications.
Mapping API abstraction layer Mapping display,mapping,viewer, From their site: OpenLayers is a pure JavaScript library for displaying map data in most modern web browsers, with no server-side dependencies. OpenLayers implements a (still-developing) JavaScript API for building rich web-based geographic applications, similar to the Google Maps and MSN Virtual Earth APIs, with one important difference -- OpenLayers is Free Software, developed for and by the Open Source software community. Furthermore, OpenLayers implements industry-standard methods for geographic data access, such as the OpenGIS Consortium&#039;s Web Mapping Service (WMS) and Web Feature Service (WFS) protocols. Under the hood, OpenLayers is written in object-oriented JavaScript, using Prototype.js and components from the Rico library. The OpenLayers code base already has hundreds of unit tests, via the Test.AnotherWay framework.
Project management, sales, and CRM platform  Project Management CRM,customer,project-management,sales, AffinityLive is an online project management and client relationship management platform. AffinityLive can be used to manage sales, track projects, and keep track of client relationships.  The AffinityLive API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AffinityLive with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing company information, creating and managing customer data, and tracking and managing issues.
Unnoficial directory of Alcoholics Anonymous meetings Tools directory,tools,unofficial, FindAA is an unofficial, searchable directory of Alcoholics Anonymous meeting information. FindAA provides developer access to this data through a SOAP API. The API supports a single call returning metadata for all meetings within a specified postal code. The API is available for non-commercial uses only.
Cloud based enterprise software Enterprise cloud,enterprise, Fabasoft Folio Cloud is cloud based software that offers enterprises a number of business applications within a single cloud computing environment. Developers can use Folio Cloud as a platform on which to develop their own apps. APIs are available that let users access their business data using open standards such as WebDAV, CalDAV and CMIS.   CalDAV - Synchronize a calendar in Folio Cloud with a mobile device. For more information see http://developer.foliocloud.com/en/api/caldav.html  WebDAV - Synchronize content from Folio Cloud to a local computer and access documents by double-click. For more informations see http://developer.foliocloud.com/en/api/webdav.html  Content Management Interoperability Services (CMIS) - Access data and Team Rooms in Folio Cloud. For more informations see http://developer.foliocloud.com/en/api/cmis.html  These standards allow for functionality such as scheduling, data manipulation and content management. Public documentation is not available.
Senior housing locator Real Estate directory,medical,realestate,Senior, We Know A Place is an online directory of services and housing for seniors and elderly people. Users can search for elder care and housing.   The We Know A Place Senior Housing Locator allows developers to access and integrate the senior housing data with other applications and to create new applications. The main API method returns lists and information about senior housing.
Electronics and appliances price comparison service Shopping search,shopping, From their site: Bountii is a search engine that finds pricing information for electronics and appliances. We continuously aggregate pricing information from top internet retailers using a variety of sources. The Bountii API allows developers to query our index and incorporate the results into their applications, widgets, and mashups.
Antispam and Antivirus Solutions Security security,spam, ProtecMail is a antispam and antivirus solution for mail servers that can filter out dangerous emails, reducing spam and mail load on local mail servers. ProtecMail also offers a SOAP-based API that lets developers create applications that can view service statistics, manage domains covered by the service, and set filters.
Image recognition service Photos deadpool,Detection,face,photo,recognition, Frontal face detection API, free to use. Designed to enable basic computer vision on devices that can connect to the Internet by scanning an image from an URL and offering the coordinates of faces in return.
Real estate foreclosures Real Estate foreclosure,realestate, ForeclosureListings.com combines one of the largest databases of foreclosure listings direct from major banks, mortgage companies, Government, HUD, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and others. Their nationwide network of courthouse scouts obtain information as it is filed regarding owners that have just been served with a foreclosure notice (pre-foreclosure). The ForeclosureListings.com APIs let you get the latest 10 Foreclosure Homes in any zipcode, city, county or state and also know if a property in a given address is a foreclosure. 
Bulk SMS service Messaging messaging,sms, ComposeSMS is an SMS service provided by Catchway Technologies. Users can send bulk SMS via web interface without the need for a mobile phone. ComposeSMS also offers an address book, contact importing, and other useful features. The ComposeSMS API allows users to send single or multiple SMS, schedule messages for future delivery, cancel a scheduled SMS delivery, get the delivery status of an SMS message, and check a user&#039;s account balance.
Mountain Weather Forecasting Service Weather activities,forecast,skiing,sports,weather, World Weather Online provides global weather content and forecasts businesses, travel industry, and websites. The World Weather Online Ski and Mountain API method allows developers and programmers to access accurate and reliable weather forecast for Top, Middle and Bottom Elevations. The API uses REST calls and returns weather data in XML and JSON format and contains weather elements like Chance of Snow, Total Snowfall amount, temperature, precipitation (rainfall), weather description, weather icon and wind speed. It could be used for personal as well as for commercial purpose.
Muslim prayer times for Malaysia Reference prayer,reference,religion,widget, Malaysia Prayer Times is a free unofficial desktop gadget, Android app, and web service that provides Islamic prayer times from the Malaysia Department of Islamic Development. The Malaysia Prayer Times API provides developer access to prayer times for a specified location. Calls may display prayer times for the current day, week, or month. Responses are JSON formatted.
Real estate listings and search service Real Estate realestate,search, Onboard Informatics helps real estate, media, and technology companies provide answers to user questions through their Lifestyle Listings Engine. This API is part of a suite of four APIs provided.  The Onboard Lifestyle Search Engine is an API designed to allow website developers to integrate lifestyle search (???best places???) into websites. It may be used on broker websites, MLS websites, real estate portals and any other site or application where lifestyle search is relevant.  Documentation is not publicly available on the web site. 
Log collection and analysis tool Backend backend,log,visualizations, Logentries allows any user to harness the power of log data and convert it into actionable insights. Logentries collects log data, analyzes that data in real-time, automatically creates visualizations, and securely stores the data in the cloud.   Logentries provides an API for automating log downloads. Accessible via HTTP GET calls, the API requires an account key and returns JSON formatted responses. 
Product recall data Other Data,government,recall, USASearch is a program of General Services Administrationa??s Office of Citizen Services and Information Technology (OCSIT) to improve access to government information. USASearcha??s Product Recall Data API returns data on product safety and recalls for food, cars, and other products. Data include descriptions of recalled products, defect summaries, manufacturer information, recall dates, and more.  The Product Recall Data API uses HTTP protocol and returns responses in JSON. An API key is required.
Full featured commercial service to track contact data, notes and history. Free level allows 500 contacts. Integrates with Skype, S3 and Alexa Thumbnail services. null contacts,enterprise,events,messaging, Full featured commercial service to track contact data, notes and history. Free level allows 500 contacts. Integrates with Skype, S3 and Alexa Thumbnail services.
Video sharing site Video entertainment,movies,social,television,video,view, Dailymotion is a video sharing site. Users can upload and share their videos, as well as view video content from other users, content producers, and networks and studios.  The Dailymotion API allows developers to access and integrate Dailymotion&#039;s functionality and content. Some example API methods include uploading, sharing, and playing content, view, create, and edit data about video content, and embedding the Dailymotion player into other sites.
Address data verification tools Reference address,geo,IP,location,shipping,verification, The Address Object API allows customer applications to verify, correct & standardize U.S. and Canadian addresses. The API is capable of verifying and formatting addresses, appending ZIP+4 Codes, parsing addresses into component pieces, searching for address ranges, and providing geographic data for ZIP Codes.  It is CASS certified by the USPS.    Melissa Data creates data quality and address management solutions for websites and businesses. Their services standardize, verify, and enhance global contact data, including Melissa Data creates data quality and address management solutions for websites and businesses. Their services standardize, verify, and enhance global contact data, including addresses, phone numbers and email addresses. 
MongoDB-as-a-Service Database cloud,database,DBaaS,hosting,MongoDB, MongoLab is a fully-managed cloud database service featuring highly-available MongoDB databases, automated backups, web-based tools, 24/7 monitoring, and expert support. By hosting MongoDB on MongoLaba??s Database-as-a-Service (DBaaS) platform, developers and IT professionals are free to focus their attention on product development instead of operations.   MongoLab runs on all the major cloud platforms, including Amazon, Joyent, Rackspace and Windows Azure, and has partnered with all of the major Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) providers to enable seamless integration with the application tier.   Headquartered in San Francisco, MongoLab is backed by premier venture and angel investors including Foundry Group, Baseline Ventures, GRP Partners, Freestyle Capital, and David Cohen of TechStars. Learn more at https://mongolab.com/.
Twitter link popularity service Social deadpool,internet,microblogging,trends,Twitter, Tweetmeme is a service which aggregates all the popular links on twitter to determine which links are popular. Tweetmeme is able to categorize these links into 4 distinct categories, blog, video, image and audio.
Individual and custom applications for brands platform Enterprise brand,enterprise,marketing,mobile,sensors, Scout, by T3, is a platform for mobile and web application developers. Scout allows companies and brands to access smartphone sensors to tailor the application experience for each individual customer, based on their behavior and activity.  The Scout API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Scout with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact scout@t-3.com for API access and information. 
New York Times service for TimesPeople data  News news,social, The TimesPeople API from the New York Times provides access to the social community of the NYTimes newspaper. The API lets retrieve TimesPeople data for a particular user, including the user&#039;s profile, activities, news feed and network.
Service for API creation Internet deadpool,internet,tools, From their site: Dapper aims to make it easy and possible for anyone to extract and reuse content from any website. The Dapp search web service provides a programmatic interface for searching Dapps and their properties. This is the same web service used by the Dapper website on the find a Dapp page.
Lowest-priced textbook search service Search books,education,search, CampusBooks is a search service designed to help users find the lowest prices on new and used textbooks. Rather than selling textbooks itself, CampusBooks allows users to search for the best prices among dozens of bookstores, thousands of sellers, and more than 8 million new and used books. Developers can integrate textbook search functions into their own websites and applications using the CampusBooks REST API.
Workout and fitness tracking service Sports exercise,fitness,health,sports, HeiaHeia is a web and mobile application to track fitness, health, and workouts. HeiaHeia can be used individually, by businesses, and by groups.  The HeiaHeia API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of HeiaHeia with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving lists of sports, retrieving sport information, managing workout logs, and managing account information. 
Deal providing service Shopping coupons,deals,shopping, Mphoria works directly with merchants both large and small to accumulate deals that can be provided to tech savvy consumers online and through mobile devices. Mphoria does all the work collecting deals and configuring images for cross-device compatibility, leaving developers free to focus on developing their deals apps and integrating with the Mphoria API.  Mphoria&#039;s web services expose the functionality to search and filter all the deals provided by their platform, allowing developers to customize the deals that appear to end users by location, store, category, delivery method, and more. Mphoria is continuing to expand their API, working to provide grocery coupons that can be saved on a digital &quot;loyalty card&quot; and redeemed electronically at the store.
Multichannel messaging service Chat chat,deadpool,email, messagepub provides a messaging API that lets software developers quickly send messages via email, AIM, Google Chat, Twitter, SMS, and phone. 
Canadian personal property claims data service Real Estate canada,Insurance,realestate, CGI is a business information and technology company. One service they provide is the Habitational Insurance Tracking System (HITS), which gives insurers access to a majority of the personal property claims data for Canada. This includes 55% of data for Quebec and 98% for the rest of Canada. The HITS data allows people to identify bad risks before taking them on and find patterns of suspicious claims. When no claims information is available for an insured property, HITS can estimate a score based on neighborhood information and demographics. Users can access HITS data by logging on to the CGI website or using its web services, API, host-to-host, or batch methods.
Bible lookup service Reference bible,books,reference,religion, From their site: The English Standard Version (ESV) Bible is a new, essentially literal Bible translation that combines word-for-word precision and accuracy with literary excellence, beauty, and depth of meaning.
Data storage, management, and visualization platform Tools Data,management,storage,tools,visualization, SensorCloud is a data storage, management, and visualization platform. SensorCloud offers data storage and management solutions, as well as data visualization tools.  The SensorCloud API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SensorCloud with other applications. Some example API methods include downloading datasets, managing data attributes, and adding data and datasets.
Review-based recommendation platform Recommendations cms,discovery,recommendations,reviews,social, Popyoular is a review-based recommendation and discovery platform that has been optimized for movies, music, books, and related media. Website owners can use Popyoular to help make their websites&#039; best content readily available to visitors by using review data to create toplists and playlists. Popyoular can also filter product selections and highlight certain products based on review data. Developers can integrate Popyoular into a website using its RESTful API.
SMS marketing service Advertising advertising,marketing,mobile,sms, AvidMobile is a company that offers white-label mobile marketing and advertising services. AvidMobile provides a SOAP API that gives developers programmatic access to their SMS marketing services. Its functions include sending and receiving SMS, creating keywords and responses, converting RSS feeds to text, getting usage data, and more.
Family tree and photo service Other family,genealogy,photo, Family Photoloom is an online family tree service that allows users to create their family trees with photos of their family members. Users can also import family data and documents to their family trees.  The Family Photoloom API allows developers to access and integrate the data and functionality of Family Photoloom. Some example API methods include maintaining user accounts, retrieving record and profile information, and managing photos. 
French chat service Chat ai,chat,france,social, MesCorrespondances is a French chat site featuring an AI called Kairos that is designed to help users find others that they will enjoy chatting with. Kairos bases its selections on the user&#039;s interests, personality test results, and feedback on previous chats. Over time, it learns to recognize people that the user is more likely to want to chat with. The MesCorrespondances API allows users to perform chat functions, including providing feedback, using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Mobile photo sharing service Photos mobile,photo, Instagram is a photo sharing iPhone app and service. Users take photos and can share them with Instagram contacts, as well as friends on other social networks like Twitter and Facebook. The Instagram API provides access to user authentication, friend connections, photos and all the other elements of the iPhone app--including uploading new media. 
Business Accounting Service Financial accounting,business,financial,merchant,payment,payroll, BeansBooks is a cloud-based accounting service for small and medium sized businesses. The service tracks financial data and progress to make report creation and generations easier. The service also facilitates year end reporting and tax preparation. The BeansBooks API allows users to source entries and vendor information from other related applications. The API can also automate accounting tasks like account creations. The API includes calls for getting account, customer, tax, setup, and vendor information. The services uses REST calls and returns JSON.  An API key is required for access.  
TEDTalks video library Video conference,video, TED is a non-profit that holds a set of conferences devoted to &quot;Ideas Worth Spreading.&quot; TED has opened their library of over 1,000 TEDTalks and users can access it through an API. The API also exposes all of the data associated with the talks including TED Quotes, events, themes, tags and more. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Short-term vacation apartment rental service Travel apartments,housing,realestate,travel, ApartmentsApart is an apartment rental service for locations across Europe. It offers apartments as an alternative to hotels or hostels for people traveling in major cities. Users can choose from over 3000 apartments. Listings provide full details on the apartments as well as feedback from previous visitors. Buyers can save money with last-minute deals, and regular customers can expect additional discounts.
Twitter trend visualisation tool News monitoring,news,social,tracking,visualization, Twitscoop is a real-time Twitter-trend visualization tool powered by an algorithm that parses tweets into tags and ranks them by frequency of use versus normal usage. The Twitscoop API allows a selected number of partners to integrate Twitscoopa??s data to integrate with their own applications.
Chart creation service Other barcode,charts,deadpool,qr,statistics,visualization, The Google Chart API lets you dynamically generate charts with a URL string and embed these charts on a web page, or download the image for local or offline use. The Google Chart Tools enable adding live charts to any web page. They provide advantages such as a rich gallery of visualizations provided as image charts and interactive charts and they can read live data from a variety of data sources.  Users embed the data and formatting parameters in an HTTP request, and Google returns a PNG image of the chart. Many types of chart are supported, and by making the request into an image tag the chart can be included in a web page.
Expense tracking Financial finance, From their site: moneytrackin? is a free online webapp that allows you to track all your expenses and incomes easily and without effort, thus allowing you to have a clear view of your financial situation. It intends to be a simple yet powerful online budget management tool. 
Collaboration and communication platform Social deadpool,gadgets,microblogging,robots,social,widgets, Google Wave is a product that helps users communicate and collaborate on the web. A &quot;wave&quot; is equal parts conversation and document, where users can almost instantly communicate and work together with richly formatted text, photos, videos, maps, and more. Google Wave is also a platform with a rich set of open APIs that allow developers to embed waves in other web services and to build extensions that work inside waves.   The Embed API is a simple Javascript API, the Gadgets API is a JavaScript API, and the Robots API is a JSON-RPC protocol. All robots must run on App Engine at this time, and can use the official Python or Java SDKs, as well as various third-party client libraries in other languages.
Livestock show information service Events Agriculture,animals,events, The Arizona National Livestock Show (ANLS) website provides information about the show and its events to the general public. The ANLS seeks to preserve western heritage while promoting livestock and agricultural practices. Users can retrieve information on ANLS events, history, and sponsors programmatically via SOAP API.
Blog Search and Meta Data Blog Search blogs,blogsearch,search,social, GroupHigh is a blog outreach service for brands and companies to find relevant blogs and bloggers to reach out and promote their products and services to, as well as access blog content.  The GroupHigh API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of GroupHigh with other applications. Some example API methods include incorporating blog content into sites, searching blogs, and accessing blog metadata. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: http://www.grouphigh.com/products/blog-search-api/ to find out more.
Cloud predictive analysis Backend algorithm,analytics,backend,cloud, Algorithms.io is a cloud service using machine learning algorithms to deliver predictive analytics to businesses of all sizes. Customers simply upload data, select and run an algorithm, and receive a JSON formatted response. Algorithms.io exposes this workflow through a REST API that allows developers to embed algorithms into their applications. The API supports HTTP GET/POST/DELETE calls allowing applications to manage datasets, jobs, and account balances.  
A feeds aggregator organized by topic where posts are auto-tagged with semantic terms. Post, share via Twitter or mail, vote, bookmark and create search or semantic alerts. Add new feeds, subscribe to existing ones or submit OPML files. null aggregator,deadpool,feeds,rss,semantic, A feeds aggregator organized by topic where posts are auto-tagged with semantic terms. Post, share via Twitter or mail, vote, bookmark and create search or semantic alerts. Add new feeds, subscribe to existing ones or submit OPML files.
Get the exact time and date for anywhere on earth with this search engine. Results are plotted on a map along with details on timezone, daylight savings time and other data. null mapping,reference,timezone, Get the exact time and date for anywhere on earth with this search engine. Results are plotted on a map along with details on timezone, daylight savings time and other data.
Weather forecast data Weather weather, From their site: Since 1982, The Weather Channel has brought timely weather information to the world. Now you can include weather from The Weather Channel in your own application by signing up for access to our XML data feed. We&#039;ll enable you to search for a location and to integrate current conditions and the forecast for today and tomorrow in your application for free.
Home Buying Service Real Estate nyc,realestate, Buyfolio was designed to facilitate and streamline the New York City home buying experience where listings and data can be stored in one place. The Buyfolio Partner API allows users to integrate Buyfolio with websites and apps. The API can create a new client folio, add additional email addresses to existing folios, retrieve a broker&#039;s full client list, and add property listing to a folio. An account is required for use. 
Social photo curation platform Social photo,social, Pinterest calls itself a &quot;virtual pinboard,&quot; allowing users to select photos from web pages to share with their friends. This process, called pinning, helps users collect ideas, recipes, inspiration or anything that can be found in a photo on a web page.  The Pinterest API provides developers access to an authenticated user&#039;s pinboards and pins. The API provides detailed user data, as well as the home feed for a user, pins, likes, following, followers and the ability to unfollow. Developers can also access information about specific boards and pins, including creating boards, adding pins, categories and adding/removing likes.  The API allows businesses to integrate with Pinterest&#039;s social media platform in an effort engage with customers. With the APIs, developers can access a site&#039;s top repins, most recent pins, related pins, most clicked through pins and pins resulting from specific search terms.   The API makes its data available via JSON only, with requests also wrapped as JSON. Though the official documentation has been removed, we&#039;ve included a cache of the page, as the API still appears to be supported.
Deal targeting and loyalty program service Advertising advertising,coupons,marketing, Spotzot is a deal targeting platform where brands and publishers can reach customers with deal offers and loyalty programs. Their campaign tools are customizable and offer reporting tools to assess how the marketing and advertising campaigns are working.  The Spotzot API allows developers to access and integrate Spotzot deals and functionality with other applications. Some example API methods include searching and listing deals by location, merchant, and categories, listing top promotions by merchants, and displaying relevant deals based on customer information. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact Businesszot@spotzot.com for an API Key and access.
Iowa Environmental data Weather environment,mapping,weather, The Iowa Environmental Mesonet (IEM) collects and makes available environmental data from a network of independent members. The IEM produces several products to display their data, including the RadMap API. The RadMap dynamically generates a PNG image based on a given set of HTTP parameters.
Population search Search Catalonia,demographics,search,spain, The Population search API provides information on the population by sex for any territorial entity in Catalonia. It features a RESTful interface and returns data in XML, JSON, PHP, or TXT.
GPS emergency messaging service Messaging emergency,gps,hiking,messaging, The service provides capabilities to upload one-way messaging from remote locations to a feed accessible by others. It transfers message data via satellites of the global positioning system (GPS) to allow hikers and others in remote terrain to report progress and emergency situations to those monitoring the service from distant locations. Messages post to an established feed for access in varying amounts and timeframes suited to specific monitoring needs.  API methods support retrieval of the latest message in a specified feed or all messages uploaded over a specified date range. For more comprehensive access, the API gives access to the most recent 50 messages or the entire feed in pages of 50 messages.
Event marketing service  Events entertainment,events,marketing, evvnt is an online event marketing service that broadcasts and publishes events to multiple event listing sites including Facebook, TimeOut, and Eventbrite. evvnt allows you to save time and reach thousands of unique event consumers locally, regionally and nationally.  evvnt offers 2 RESTful APIs. The read API allows you to pull events from evvnt for publication on your own site. The write API can be used in conjunction with the read API to submit events to evvnt. Both use JSON over HTTPS and require an API key.
Christian social network Social church,religion,social, Describing itself as a bible-centered community, Faithlife is a Christian social network intended for use by individuals, churches, and schools. Faithlife exposes its service through an API separated into two sections. The Accounts API provides developer access to user and group data. The Community API provides developer access to all social interaction between accounts. The API accepts HTTP calls, returns JSON formatted responses, and supports OAuth 1.0a authentication.
eCommerce payments service Payment payment,shopping, From their site: The first payments service designed from the ground up specifically for developers. The set of web services APIs allows the movement of money between any two entities, humans or computers. It is built on top of Amazon&#039;s reliable and scalable payment infrastructure. Amazon FPS offers developers unmatched flexibility in how they can structure payment instructions, including standing instructions that can remain in place for multiple transactions.
Internet search engine Search answers,definitions,internet,search, DuckDuckGo is a search engine which distinguishes itself by not tracking its users or generating results based on its usersa?? previous behavior. The DuckDuckGo Instant Answer API provides free programmatic access to many of the search enginea??s instant answers, pulled from over 100 independent sources. Answers include things like topic summaries, categories, disambiguation, redirects, and definitions. Potential uses include defining people, places, things, words, and concepts, providing direct links to other services, listing related topics, and linking to official sites. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON. 
Two-way SMS service Telephony argentina,chile,colombia,mexico,sms,telephony, Send and receive SMS messages with the BlueVia SMS API. BlueVia is a developer initiative from communications company Telef???nica. The SMS API helps you include two-way SMS functionality in your applications. To receive messages, you register a keyword with one of the BlueVia short codes (which differ by country). Free SMS credits are available for testing.
Parking Finder Travel canada,parking,places,travel,usa, The BestParking API provides developers with off-street parking data (garages and lots open to the public) in 100 cities and 115 airports throughout the United States and Canada. Name, address, phone number, entrance, attributes (e.g., indoor vs. outdoor, clearance height, payment options), and a rate calculator are included. Visit Bing.com/Maps &gt; &quot;Parking Finder&quot; link in left panel to see our API in action. Documentation is not publicly available.
Local user reviews and city guides Recommendations deadpool,local,recommendations, From their site: Get reviews and ratings for places. Track recent reviews for places. Get social info for users (friends, pictures, and favourites).
Open Data for sharing and reference tools Mapping database,location,mapping,places,reference, Factual provides a platform for developers to share, mash, and build applications on open data. The Places API is used for place specific requirements. Functionality includes letting users translate between Factual IDs, third party IDs, and URLs that represent the same entity across the internet. Users can also find URLs that mention entities in the Factual places database. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Anti-spam software Security email,security,spam, Lionytics, from Lionhardt Technologies, delivers embeddable anti-spam barriers. The Lionytics API allows developers to include this functionality in almost any application. The API supports HTTP GET calls and all passed data must be encoded and escaped. Responses may be JSON or XML format.
Geological data service Reference deadpool,geocoding,geology,mapping,reference, The USNG Web Service returns the United States National Grid Coordinate for a specific latitutde/longitude point or the Latitude/longitude for a USNG position. It also returns the latitude/longitude of a point given the USNG coordinate. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Local events discovery and demand Events calendar,concerts,events,guide,music, Eventful is the world&#039;s largest collection of events, taking place in local markets throughout the world, from concerts and sports to singles events and political rallies. Eventful.com is built upon a unique, open platform that enables partners and web applications to leverage Eventful&#039;s data, features and functionality via the Eventful API. The Eventful API provides access to the entire site database enabling developers to integrate it and the functionality of the Eventful platform into web applications. Common API tasks include event and venue search. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in either XML, JSON or YAML. 
Tools for offline browser extensions Other deadpool,desktop, From their site: Google Gears is an open source browser extension that lets developers create web applications that can run offline. Three modules include Local Server Cache and serve application resources (HTML, JavaScript, images, etc.) locally; Database: Store data locally in a fully-searchable relational database; WorkerPool: Make your web applications more responsive by performing resource-intensive operations asynchronously.
Transcation processing services Retail ecommerce,retail, The eBay Large Merchant Services (LMS) provides a way to process the large numbers of transactions within the eBay Trading Platform. LMS includes features such as SKU-based inventory management, Orders with OrderLineItems for all transactions, and OrderAck state for handoff between eBay and Merchant applications. The API accesses this functionality to aid the integration needs of Large Merchants and ISVs. The API can be used to enable SKU management, inventory management, and order fulfillment. The API uses SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Electronic music downloads Music database,downloads,music, Dance-Tunes is a site that specializes in mp3 downloads for all kinds of dance music. Users can search the site database for artists, labels, tunes, mixes and albums. The API serves as an interface between the database and the client front-end. Data that can be returned by the API includes artists, labels, genre, charts and more. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Flash Creation Platform Social code,collaboration,design,flash,programming,social, Wonderfl is a online Flash building service. The site offers a platform to create Flash programs, collaborate with others, and learn more about Flash and code from the user community. The Wonderfl API allows users to query for users, user codes, projects, and other apps that are being worked on. The service uses REST calls and returns JSON. An API key is required for use. 
Online travel reservation service Travel booking,reservations,tour,travel, TourCMS provides a full website and reservation management system for small and medium sized tour operators. These API calls are to access your live product data in realtime. They can be used by TourCMS Marketplace partners to access content from multiple TourCMS accounts. These APIs can also be used by individual account owners to access their own data.
Community driven reference service Answers answers,reference, From their site: Tap into the collective knowledge of millions of Yahoo! users with the Yahoo! Answers Web Services APIs. Search for expert advice on any topic, from within your very own site. Watch for new questions in the Answers categories of your choice. Keep track of fresh content from your favorite Answers experts, and more.
User engagement service for applications Social chat,content,group,sharing,social, GROUPcentric is a service that allows for in-application sharing and user engagement. GROUPcentric allows developers to add a layer to applications that lets users share with friends and chat about content within an application.  The GROUPcentric API and SDK allow developers to access and integrate the functionality of GROUPcentric with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up for more information: http://groupcentric.com/register/.
Houston electricity usage data service Education education,energy,houston,texas, The Houston, Texas energy utility provides electricity service to more than 2 million customers. Its usage history service gives automated access to customer billing history and electricity usage as measured by interval data recorder (IDR). It is intended to encourage involvement by third-party information providers who have customer permission to access electricity usage information.  API methods support contact and validation of the third-party system&#039;s information access, along with provider account management. Methods also allow retrieval of usage history for the account specified in the request by the validated application.
Streaming video service Video deadpool,streaming,video, Vidi is a service that lets developers add live streaming video to their web sites and applications. The video capability can be used for video conferencing, video messaging, video chat, live broadcasts, security cameras and more. The API lets developers control aspects of the video feed such as the room, client, player and more. The API uses REST, SOAP and JavaScript protocols and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Social Media Monitoring service Social analytics,monitoring,reputation,social, Rankur is a platform for social media monitoring and analysis. It monitors online conversations and lets users know what is being said about them and their competitors. Users can also acquire suggestions and develop their services and products. Rankur scans over 30,000,000 web pages per day.   With the Rankur API users can receive their search results, metric results and summarized trend info as structured data and process them in their own apps and tools. Functionality includes changing the format of the results per preference, join rankur.com as a partner application, manage saved searches. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON. Users should contact the provider for full documentation.
Social network for science and technology fields Social financial,money,social, Money science is a social network for quantitative finance and financial technology. Money Science studio environments allow users to add specially constructed content to the site using a REST API. Content may be delivered in the form of visualizations, data processing, and data.
Online learning platform Education education,learning,management, Desire2Learn is an online learning platform that offers a variety of online learning products. Desire2Learn offers numerous features for both teachers and students for online learning/  The Desire2Learn API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Desire2Learn with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing user accounts, managing discussion forums, modules, and projects, and accessing gradebooks and dropboxes.
CAD and 3D creation platform  Tools 3d,architecture,cad,tools,utility, Lagoa is a web-based platform for CAD visualization and 3D content creation and editing. Lagoa also offers tools for collaboration on CAD and 3D projects.  The Lagoa API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Lagoa with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email info@lagoa.com for more information. 
Question and answer service Answers answers,questions,search, The Yahoo Kimo Knowledge API provides an interface for users to access the knowledge and Q & A knowledge content on the site. This also includes recorded information of the user knowledge and quizzes. The API provides functionality that allows users to get the problem content, relevant answers, comments, and published functions; keyword search;  get a specific user&#039;s information, such as questions and answers they have posted; and category names. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON. Documentation is in Chinese.
CRM and other business applications Enterprise CRM,enterprise,office, From their site: Aria&#039;s Billing and Customer Management features include top-of-the-line security, auditing, events notifications, and ample reporting and analytics functionality. The Aria Symphony Web Services API provides programmatic access to customer information, automate product and service provisioning to allow new users to access services quickly and efficiently, and allows you to initiate service modifications in real time or via bulk-load provisioning.
Secure website login service Security authentication,OpenID,security,social,tools, loginPrompt is a service that lets developers quickly add secure user login to their websites. Both e-mail/password and social logins are supported.   The UI is placed by the client API directly on a webpage so it can be customized to look like the rest of the site. Registration is not required.
Find the follow cost of a Twitter account Social deadpool,fun,social,Twitter, The follow cost API allows users to find the &quot;cost&quot; of following a twitter user. The service measures how much people tweet using an absolute scale: which is the average number of tweets per day and also measured in milliscobles, or 1/1000th of Robert Scoble&#039;s Twitter output. More about milliscobles. The API uses a GET request and returns data via the JSON format. 
Directory of health-related APIs Medical api,directory,health,medical, The service provides a directory of APIs for health-related services. Listings document available data and application functionality for topics like medical practice and health care, biological research, and healthy lifestyle practices, along with general-purpose APIs from providers in these sectors. The directory aggregates API listings from a number of online sources to narrow the selection of health-related services.  API methods support retrieval of directory listings by type, protocol, feature sets, or tags and keywords applied. 
Online massively multiplayer game Games games, Glitch is a web-based massively-multiplayer game. The Glitch API allows the user to expand and extend the game. The API provides information about players, skills, locations, times, dates and more. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Project management and support service Project Management project-management, VisionProject is a web-based project management service that is composed of several modules. The Time Reporting Module keeps track of where personnel spend their time and effort. The HelpDesk Module manages support tickets submitted from emails, phone calls, or the web-based Support Portal. Additionally, a Document Management System is provided for organizing documents and making sure that only authorized personnel can access sensitive information. VisionProject comes with a SOAP API that can be used to access all of these functions and integrate them with other applications.
File Hosting And Monetization Service File Sharing downloads,monetization,payment,sharing,storage, FileCopter is a free file hosting service that also pays users when other people download the users uploaded files. When a file is uploaded, a download link is generated and the owner of the files will receive $20 for every 10,000 downloads of the file. The FileCopter API uses REST calls to get file information or upload files directly to the server. An API key is required to access the API interface. 
Radio station search, now-playing, logs and charts Music music,radio,reference, YES.com has a real-time database of most US Radio station now-playing music information, including logs, charts, artist, song, and genre information.  This simple API opens up direct access to the data for anyone.
Live flight aircraft and delays tracking Travel aviation,travel, Use FlightView data feeds to obtain flight status, flight schedule data, and airport delay information in XML. Use the feed data to help your customers adjust plans because of flight changes, delays, and cancellations; you might feed your Flight Information Display Systems (FIDS), Limousine Scheduling and Dispatch systems, and so on with live FlightView data.
NASDAQ historical stock quote data servcie Financial financial,stocks, NASDAQ Data-On-Demand provides historical stock quote data. NASDAQ Data-On-Demand enables users to choose specific symbols and trading time periods for quick and efficient analysis. The data can be used to integrate stock quote data into a developer&#039;s application, analyze trends in stock quote data, back test trading strategies and algorithms and build a stock quote book.  An API is provided to pull the data using RESTful or SOAP calls. The API includes calls that let users select historical stock data from the exact trading dates and times, download stock data after the markets close for pre-market analysis and request bulk data downloads. Responses are formatted in XML.
Automated text rewriter Advertising advertising,articles,blogging,marketing, Publisheer.coma??s social content generator tool allows users to generate unique content by replacing words from an existing set of text with synonyms. Users can customize synonym sets and specify rewriting options. The Publisheer.com Text Rewrite API provides a developer interface for automating text rewrites through POST calls. 
Text to speech service Utility deadpool,speech,TTS,Voice, The By Voice API generates voice messages from content on the web site it is placed. The service converts a written text into speech files in mp3 or wav format to include in a flash movie or other form of presentation.  Account required to access API information https://www.3scale.net/signup
The global platform for human memory Utility mobile,notes,office,pim,productivity,tagging, Evernote makes it easy to remember things big and small from your notable life using your computer, phone, and the web.   Evernote&#039;s web service API provides secure access for your applications using the same network communications that are used by Evernote&#039;s own client software, including the ability to create, read, update and delete notes, notebooks and tags.   Third party integrations are a critical part of the Evernote ecosystem and are heavily promoted via the [[https://appcenter.evernote.com/ App Center]] and [[http://blog.evernote.com/category/friends_partners/ company blog]].
Online transcription service Tools audio,tools,Transcription,video, SpeakerText is an online transcription service that provides transcription services for video and audio content. When the audio and video content is transcribed into text, it can be searched and shared.  The SpeakerText API allows users to access SpeakerText functionality in other applications. The two API methods are posting content for transcription and retrieving the text transcript.
Radio station database Reference radio,reference, RadioReference is a database of U.S. radio stations, including locations, frequencies and call signs. The service also provides licensing information and in some cases, live stream information.
Search engine and meaning extraction service Search search, Factery has developed FactRank technology to mine real-time feeds and web content for the purpose of providing simple, short answers to user queries. You decide the sources to use. You can search Twitter, Digg, or a standard search engine. 
2D/3D bin packing algorithm Tools algorithm,shipping,tools, packit4me is a simple service for solving 2D and 3D packing problems. It can be used to plan the packing of physical boxes for shipping departments or to allocate conceptual space, such as in print layouts. packit4me provides its algorithm as a service so that users don&#039;t have to compile it or figure out an integration method. To access the packit4me algorithm, users can simply issue a JSON-formatted REST call to the packit4me server.
Access to the Social Security Death Index  Reference enterprise,Fraud,reference, The CDYNE Death Index API lets you use the US Social Security Death Index to eliminate the possibility of an applicant trying to use a deceased person&#039;s identification. This web service is updated directly from the United States Social Security Administration. The API can be used by businesses offering credit for fraud control into any system that can consume Web Services. 
Metadata for Twitter stream Social social,Twitter, The PeopleBrowsr API contains over 1,200 days of social metadata from Twitter, Facebook, and Blogs/Forums for any keyword, #hashtag, user (@name), or combination of terms. Go deeper through specifying call structures with location, bio, gender, or sentiment.  Method / Resource Directory:  Mention Count - A histogram that returns the number of times a term has been mentioned  Mentions & RTs - This option returns a histogram of retweets and total mentions. This is a meta-chart. It calls mentions and popularity and remaps labels: mentions -&gt; total and popularity -&gt; retweet  Density - The number of posts and unique users posting about a term (a??voicea?? vs &quot;unique voices&quot;)  Word Cloud - Top words in posts mentioning the term, ordered by frequency  Hashtag Cloud - The top hashtags in posts mentioning the term, ordered by frequency  @Name Cloud - The top @names in posts mentioning the term, ordered by frequency  Friends and Followers - A histogram of followers and friends (following) counts for each date. Term must = user:name to specify an @name; entering @name will produce unexpected results. Counts are retrieved only from posts that the user has made during the date range specified  Top Followers - Top @names mentioning the term, ranked by number of followers  Positive Top Followers - Top @names mentioning the term in positive posts, ranked by number of followers  Negative Top Followers - Top @names mentioning the term in negative posts, ranked by number of followers  Popularity - This option returns a histogram of retweets or likes for a particular term  Sentiment - The negative, neutral and positive sentiment calculated from posts matching the query  Top US State - The top US States out of the posts mentioning the term, order by frequency. This information is gathered using a combination of the usera??s location field, and geo data, if enabled by the user  Top Countries - The top countries out of the posts mentioning the term, order by frequency. This information is gathered using a combination of the usera??s location field, and geo data, if enabled by the user  Top URLs API - The top urls in posts mentioning the term, ordered by frequency  Top Pictures (TwitPics) - The top twitpic.com links in post mentioning the term, ordered by frequency  Top Videos (Youtu.be) - This option returns the top youtube links in posts mentioning the term, ordered by frequency. Note the urls are in the shortened &quot;youtu.be&quot; format.
Cloud Computing Database Service Database cloud,database, Database.com is a database service in the cloud. It&#039;s services include database tools, file storage, a social data model, identification and authentication, and a developer API. With the Database.com API, developers can create their own applications in a variety of languages for a variety of platforms including mobile, social, web, and desktop. 
Online survey service Answers answers,questions,surveys, The service allows researchers to commission surveys which users complete to earn rewards in varying amounts. It emails survey invitations to registered users with links to online questionnaires specified by researchers. Completion rewards may be paid to users by the provider or directly by researchers.  API methods support management of user accounts, with create, update, and delete functions, along with demographic data and other profile information for use in matching users to surveys. Methods also allow listing of available surveys and generation of user emails with questionnaire links. The API also provides for specification and payment of completion rewards.
Russian affilate marketing platform Advertising advertising,affiliate,marketing,retail,russia, Clobucks is a Russian affiliate marketing platform. Affiliates use the platform to select and place promotional material and statistics across a wide range of parameters are used to determine payments. The Clobucks API allows developers to create their own online store through with to conduct their marketing efforts. The API uses XML-RPC calls with results in XML.
Pay per click advertising keyword search and analysis Advertising advertising,deadpool,marketing,search, The SearchForecast Publisher Directory Keywords API allows advertising networks, interactive agencies, and affiliate networks to access the millions of URLs, AdSense Publisher IDs, and 1.2 million keywords in the SearchForecast platform.  Advertisers and networks can use the API to find more relevant keywords that the publisher of the website has included on their sites to improve the relevancy of the keywords being used for Pay Per Click (PPC) advertising campaigns.
SEO services Internet internet,SEO, SEOGenies provides their customers with search engine optimization services. They submit articles to article directories and article submission sites, submit press releases to PR sites, make social bookmarking submissions, post in forums, and guarantee five keyword searches on popular search engines such as Google and Yahoo. SEOGenies also provides SEO consulting, regular SEO maintenance activities, and monthly search engine ranking reports.
Stock market data service Financial finance,stocks, The eSignal suite of products provides global, real-time market data and decision support to individual investors and traders worldwide. With The eSignal products users get access to stock, futures, Forex and options market quotes. The eSignal market datafeed provides real-time, streaming data from North America and more than 125 other global exchanges.   The Market Data API allows users to integrate real-time or delayed data into a variety of financial applications, including front office user applications and back office automated systems. It is suited for applications that require financial market information for trading, analysis, portfolio pricing and other market-critical operations. The Market Data API offers access to all the data managed by the eSignal network. Full documentation is not publicly available. 
Travel booking service Travel affiliate,booking,reservations,travel, Expedia is a world leader in travel and technology, and the EAN Developer Hub gives developers free access to a set of APIs that power websites, mobile apps, and much more. The EAN APIs can be used to book hotels, flights and cars. The APIs use both REST and SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Address search service for New South Wales Mapping Australia,government,mapping, The Spatial Information eXchange (SIX) is a resource provided by the government of New South Wales (NSW) in Australia. SIX is the official source for NSW geospatial information along with land and property information. The SIX Address Search API lets users retrieve addresses based on house number, road name, road type, suburb, post code, lot number, or house plan. This API uses SOAP calls issued in XML format.
New York City Financial Data Government accounting,analytics,feeds,financial,government, New York City provides programmatic access and feeds to the financial data that flows through The Office of the Comptroller. The Checkbook NYC API allows users to make REST calls to return a maximum of 1000 records. The API allows access to Budgets, Contracts, Payroll, Revenue, and Spending. The API returns data in XML format.  
Video and user information access service Video Data,embed,social,video, Vimeo is a website that allows users to view other peoples&#039; videos and upload their own for others to see. No advertisements are added before, during, or after users&#039; videos, and basic accounts are free.  The Vimeo Advanced API provides REST methods for adding, retrieving, modifying, and deleting data on the Vimeo website. Information assets exposed by this API pertain to user activities, albums, categories, channels, contacts, groups, forums, people, videos, video comments, video embedding, and video uploads. Unlike the Simple API, users of the Advanced API will need register their applications and use OAuth authentication.
Audio and video search engine Search audio,search,video, The Tagoo XML API allows users to integrate the Tagoo search engine onto their own site or project. Tagoo provides a full audio and video search service. Its API features customization of search by audio/video, search size, and more.
On-demand product creation service Shopping customization,shopping, From their site: Zazzle provides a simple URL linkover-based API that allows any third party to automatically generate a customized product with dynamic images and text. The Zazzle Create-a-Product API can be used to automatically generate over 200 different types of customized products: t-shirts, mugs, cards, postage, and posters. 
Live tracking map tool Mapping gps,mapping,navigation,tracking, ViewRanger is a UK-based company specializing in GPS applications and map software. BuddyBeacon is a GPS navigation app for mobile devices that allows live tracking of a user&#039;s location. The BuddyBeacon API is currently in beta. It grants access to a user&#039;s raw BuddyBeacon data for map, app, or mash-up creation.
Sophisticated golf course finder. Search by location and other criteria. Detailed map and data display. null golf,mapping,sports, Sophisticated golf course finder. Search by location and other criteria. Detailed map and data display.
Term extraction service Other deadpool,extraction,query,terms, TRYNT offers a variety of APIs. This points to the TRYNT Term Extraction Web Service provides a list of significant words or phrases extracted from a larger content. The list of words and phrases returned will be in context to your supplied query at the time of your query.
Non-mapping geospatial services Tools Directions,geocoding,mapping,navigation,tracking, From their site: For developers of geospatial applications, Where2GetIt offers its REST API, making the development of non-mapping geospatial applications easier than ever before. Tap into our REST API for any non-mapping geospatial application, including but not limited to wireless navigation, interactive voice response (IVR), fleet management solutions, business analytics, site selection and global positioning system (GPS) tracking applications.
Local groups search service Social deadpool,local,search,social, The GroupsNearYou API helps you to find local email lists, discussion forums, or any other kind of local online community. You can search the database by UK or USA zip code and also by longitude and latitude. Use these feeds to access the Groups Near You data programmatically. Then use desktop GIS tools, such as mapufacture, Google Maps, or Yahoo Pipes to build new apps.
Business instant messaging software Chat chat,realtime,sbweb, LiveChat is a live chat software to enable sales representatives to contact customers on the website. With LiveChat API users can log-in and manipulate their license using third-party software. Users can return a list of operators, get a list of chat transcripts and more. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
Science fiction RPG map Games games,mapping, Traveller is a science fiction role-playing game (RPG) in which characters travel between star systems to explore, fight, and trade. It is a fairly open-ended game, and players may choose whether to seek out wealth, technology, political power, or new discoveries. Traveller Map is pieced together from several different official maps of the Traveller universe. The map can be accessed and viewed directly through the website, or it can be retrieved programmatically via REST API.
Winner of the 2007 Skype Mashup Competition. Send a fax to any fax machine in the world and easily pay with your Skype Credit. No registration needed, no pre-payment. null contests,fax,messaging, Winner of the 2007 Skype Mashup Competition. Send a fax to any fax machine in the world and easily pay with your Skype Credit. No registration needed, no pre-payment.
Advertising campaign management service Advertising advertising,campaign, Google&#039;s Ad Exchange supports diverse ad buyer business models by providing multiple ways to access and buy impressions. Users can set up and manage campaigns, automate actions, bid for inventory in real time and automate real time bidding. The Ad Exchange Seller REST API allows developers to get reports on Ad Exchange earnings and manage Ad Exchange inventory. With the API users can retrieve existing ad clients, ad units, URL channels, and custom channels and obtain reports and their account&#039;s performance. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Online speech service Telephony telephony,TTS, VoiceForge is an online speech service that allows users high quality text to speech audio (TTS). With the VoiceForge API, developers can simply send text and voice type, and receive the audio-equivalent content.
Document sharing service Office documents,office,sbweb, Docstoc is an online community to find and share professional documents. Docstoc provides the platform for users and businesses to upload and share their documents, and serves as a repository of documents in variety of categories including legal, business, financial, technology, educational, and creative. All documents on Docstoc can be easily searched, previewed and downloaded for free. The Docstoc API includes functions for registering new members, uploading, downloading, updating, and searching for documents, manipulating a member&#039;s folder structure, and setting up ads. 
Real-time idea network for investors and traders Financial finance,market,markets,stock,stocks,stocktwits, The StockTwits API allows you to leverage the user base, social graph and content network that drive the StockTwits community. Your application and your users can access the StockTwits social graph, display curated data streams, integrate watch lists, and easily share messages, links and charts directly from your application. The StockTwits API is perfect for financial applications/websites/apps that want or need a social layer.
Internet search Search search, Bing API Version 2.0 enables developers to embed a flexible and powerful search engine as a custom search component in thier sites and applications. Bing API offers open, flexible options for building or enhancing your site or applications. With the API users can search for web content, images, stories and more. Users can also monetize their applications with advertisements. It uses a RESTful protocol with results formatted either in XML or JSON and also provides support for SOAP protocol.
Flash game distributor Games distribution,flash,games, FlashGameDistribution is an international flash game distributor, connecting game developers and flash gaming site owners. The FlashGameDistribution API provides a RESTful interface for sites to automate customized game-broadcasts from the FlashGameDistribution server.
Movie, TV, cast, crew and image database Entertainment movies,reference,television,video, The TMDb API is a resource for any developers that want to integrate movie, TV show and cast data along with posters or movie fan art. themoviedb.org is a free and community edited database.
Television show database Video television,video, TheTVDB.com site is a community driven database of television shows with the goal of being an accurate source of information on TV series from many languages and countries. Users can interact with the database through a RESTful interface and get results in XML format.
Social network platform Social opensocial,saas,social,utility, Ning is a platform for creating social networks. The Ning REST API integrates with any Ning Pro account to import, export, and share data from apps running on Ning across the web or onto your desktop. Manage users, blog posts, photos, comments and other elements of your Ning Network. The company also has an API that supports the OpenSocial standard.
Minnesota Transit information service Transportation minnesota,transit,transportation,  Metro Transit is the transportation resource for the Twin Cities, offering a network of buses, light rail and commuter trains as well as additional resources for those using alternate forms of transportation. The NexTrip API provides users with real time data about vehicles at a specified stop. Data can include departure time, gate, route, terminal, direction and more. Information in the NexTrip API is updated every 30 seconds to reflect real-time changes in transit service. It uses HTTP calls and responses can be formatted in XML and JSON.
HTML to XML conversion service Tools code,conversion,internet,tools, The Html2Xml webservice takes HTML text or the URL of a webpage and converts that page into well-formed XML. This service is created and hosted by Reflection IT, and it can be accessed programmatically using SOAP calls issued in XML format. Reflection IT makes this service available for free use without any guarantees or promises of proper operation.
Online music writing service Music music, Noteflight is an online music writing application. Noteflight allows users to create, edit, view, share, and print their music notations. Noteflight can be used anywhere, as it is internet-based. Users can also embed their music in other sites.  Noteflight offers two APIs - a server API and a client API. The server API allows users to search and obtain information about users and music. The client API allows users to embed Noteflight into other applications and control playback and other Noteflight functionalities.  
Social Youth Sports Community Sports deadpool,games,social,sports, Weplay is a youth sports community that connects youth athletes, parents, and coaches. Weplay offers an API that lets developers create applications that can access Weplay (update/retrieve/delete data) through HTTP calls to the API endpoint. Data is returned in an XML or JSON format.
Twitter photo sharing service Photos deadpool,microblogging,photo,social,Twitter, TweetPhoto is a free photo sharing service for Twitter. The service focuses on enhancing the applications developed around the Twitter API. Note that the API offers developers a revenue sharing program where the more you use the service, the more you make.   TweetPhoto combines mobile and web-based social photo sharing. It combines a convenient and easy-to-use photo sharing experience with helpful tools. TweetPhoto offers features such as photo and meta data filters, geo tagging, photo favorites, friends photos, customizable widgets and expansive API to enable a seamless integration into Twitter and Facebook Connect. 
Wireframe and prototyping software Tools design,interface,prototype,tools,wireframe, Pidoco is a web based GUI design software for creating wireframes. The pidoco API allows developers to include pidoco prototypes into other third party applications or create their own tools that use pidoco. Functionality includes working with protoypes, pages within the prototypes, layes and discussions for commenting on prototypes. The API uses RESTful calls with responses formatted in JSON.
Services to track Adobe AIR product launch Other events, From their site: You can use these APIs and feeds to keep up with the latest news and content from the [Adobe on AIR] tour, or to build web and AIR based applications and mash-ups. The Adobe Integrated Runtime (AIR), previously referred to by its code-name of &quot;Apollo&quot;, is a cross-operating system runtime that allows web developers to leverage their existing web development skills (such as Flash, Flex, HTML and JavaScript) to build and deploy web applications and content to the desktop.
News and business information service News business,news, The web service feeds content from a news database and search engine for business and consumer information services. The service either provides a feed or accepts user query and returns matching articles and other information, optionally with a specified stylesheet, to the submitting application. The Lucene query engine accommodates simple keywords, phrases, and Boolean strings.  Methods allow retrieval of a feed list or a specific feed, as well as submission of a query from single term to a complex, grouped, Boolean string. Return is a set of headlines and access URLs with language, short description, provider name, and provider rating. 
Create and modify website optimizer experiments Internet analytics,deadpool, The Google Website Optimizer API is part of the Google Analytics API and allows for developers to programmatically create and modify website optimizer experiments. These can be A/B tests as well as multivariate testing scenarios. 
Blogging Service Blogging blogging,social, Netalive.org is a social community allowing users to have discussions about any topic with other users. Users can post topics, posts, responses to posts, and personal journals. The Netalive API allows developers to access read-only data from Netalive; the API can pull data such as Posts, Topics, and Recent Posts from Netalive but it cannot push data to Netalive. The API has two protocols, XML-RPC and REST. The REST API is easier to use and consumes less bandwidth than the XML-RPC API, however the XML-RPC API is more standardized. 
Online photography management service Photos image,media,photo, The OpenPhoto Project is a web-based tool for aggregating and centralizing personal photos. It is an open source project that allows users to retrieve all of their photos from photo hosting sites like Flickr and Picasa, and store them in one personal online location. Once all the pictures are located and moved to a central storage place, they are also backed up. Their API is REST-based and exposes the OpenPhotoa??s  file organization functions. It returns JSON-formatted data. 
View and update issues on Google Project Hosting  Tools code,deadpool,development, Google&#039;s Issue Tracker Data API lets client applications view and update issues on Project Hosting on Google Code in the form of Google Data API feeds. Client apps can use the Issue Tracker Data API to add new issues and comments, request lists of issues, request issue comments for an issue, edit existing issues, and query for issues that match a particular criteria.&quot;
Mapping data service Mapping address,gis,mapping,postal,postcode, A professional-grade GIS data provider offering neighborhood boundaries dataset via an API. Also an API for neighborhood boundaries, ZIP Code boundaries and postal carrier route boundaries.
IP geolocation and information services Mapping Detection,geolocation,IP,mapping, Ipinfo.io is a free IP information web service providing geolocation, hostname, organization and other data types. The ipinfo.io API returns a JSON response containing data fields describing the specified IP. The API supports JSONP callbacks and can provide additional information through a paid service, such as proxy detection, scraping prevention, and improved geolocation accuracy.
US Weather forecasts by city Weather deadpool,weather, From their site: This Web service returns a detailed weather report of current conditions for any given city in the world. Simply enter a city name and instantly receive the city, state, country, today?s weather (e.g. sun rise, sun set, humidity, pressure, wind, etc.). Data is provided by the National Weather Service, a division of NOAA.
eCommerce store creation and management service Shopping shopping, Magento is a feature-rich, professional open-source eCommerce solution that offers merchants complete flexibility and control over the look, content, and functionality of its online store. The Magento Core API gives users access to functionality such as export/import of customer/customer addresses, retrieve countries and regions and more. The API supports both SOAP and XML RPC protocols. The API is permission based and allows access to the Customer, Catalog and Order modules of Magento. 
Investing portfolio services Financial deadpool,finance,money,stocks, The Google Finance Portfolio Data API allows client applications to view and update Finance content in the form of Google Data API feeds. Your client application can use the Finance Data API to create new portfolio and transaction entries, request a list of entries, and edit or delete existing entries.
Training eLearning services Enterprise enterprise,training, Use the Dojo Learning API to access lessons, users and other data on Dojo Learning, an elearning platform for companies and trainers to create, deliver, and sell training. The Dojo Learning service allows external clients to access and manipulate the Dojo data layer. The API is open to current Dojo users; both free and paid user accounts are available.
Affiliate marketing network Advertising advertising,affiliate,marketing,software, Digital River&#039;s oneNetworkDirect is the affiliate marketing network specializing in software products. It features the largest selection of digital products offered online today, including some of the world&#039;s most recognized titles such as McAfee, Big Fish Games, SanDisk, Logitech and many more.  The API gives users access to some of the functionality of their oneNetworkDirect accounts. This includes access to reporting information as well as content visible to a user&#039;s network account. Methods include creativeTypes, campaignInfo, creativeInfo, optionalInfo, monthlyStatsInfo, dailyStatsInfo, getCCampaigns and more. The API uses SOAP and responses are in XML.  Public documentation is not available. Unofficial documentation can be viewed at: http://www.cumbrowski.com/CarstenC/affiliatemarketing_webservices_onenetwork.asp
Amazon mobile app creation tools Tools application,games,mapping,mobile,purchase,tools, The Amazon Mobile App SDK provides APIs that allow developers to use Amazon services to help build mobile applications. The tools include:  In-App Purchasing API: For offering digital content and subscriptions for purchase within apps.  Amazon GameCircle API: Makes Achievements, Leaderboards and Whispersync services accessible in-game.  Amazon A/B Testing Service: For experimenting with different in-app experiences.  Amazon Maps API: To add interactive maps to apps for most Kindle Fire tablets.  
Conferencing and collaboration services Enterprise chat,deadpool,enterprise,video, From their site: Allows bloggers and webmasters to embed a PalBee video conferencing window directly. Anyone can provide static video conferencing spaces in their web page to chat face-to-face with their visitors. One example of this new functionality is that a skilled developer would be able to make a page full of video conferencing rooms on a company???s web site. This video conferencing wall could be staffed with customer support representatives standing by to chat with customers, solving their problems with a full communication range of voice, video, and diagrams. Currently in closed beta test.
Social bookmarking Bookmarks bookmarks,deadpool, From their site: Simpy is a social bookmarking service. With Simpy, you can save, tag and search your own bookmarks and notes or browse and search other users&#039; links and tags. You can be open and share your links with others, or keep them private.
HTML validation service Internet html,internet,webdesign, The Markup Validator is a free service by W3C that helps check the validity of Web documents. It checks the syntax of Web documents, written in formats such as (X)HTML. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Internet radio service Music music,radio,recommendations, Stereomood is a free internet radio service that recommends songs based on the user&#039;s emotional mood and activities. Stereomood also allows users to create playlists for certain occasions and emotions.  The Stereomood API allows developers to access Stereomood&#039;s music content and functionality. Some example API methods include searching for songs, libraries, and users, listening to songs and playlists, and deleting or creating playlists. 
Hotel prices search engine Travel booking,hotel,travel, DealAngel is a hotel rate search engine. DealAngel allows users to search for hotels by location, retrieving pricing and reservation information for booking hotels.  The DealAngel API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of DealAngel with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email api@dealangel.com for API information.  
Social media promotions platform Advertising advertising,marketing,social, YUPIQ is a social media promotions platform that increases sales and brand awareness by rewarding customers for sharing videos, links and special offers with their friends on Facebook, Twitter and Email. With the YUPIQ API, developers can develop third party applications to give away custom rewards. The API can also be used to track who has earned those rewards and when those rewards have been used. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Recruiting information service Job Search ats,hiring,HR,jobs,recruiting, CATS is a web-based applicant tracking system used to track and manage candidates as they go through the hiring process.
Semantic data analysis service Tools analytics,Data,research,semantic,tools, Semantic Research is a software company specializing in products that can create, view, store and share knowledge structures. Their Semantica platform is used for large-scale analytics, data fusion, data storage, visualization, sharing and collaboration of all kinds of information, be it structured, unstructured, temporal, or geospatial. An API is available that integrates thick-client analysis and analytical process management functionality into third party systems. Documentation of the API is not publicly available.
Cloud video service Video cloud,video, Lemonwhale is a cloud video service delivering on-demand and live video experiences. The Lemonwhale API is divided into two parts with separate endpoints: a public call used for common requests in public places, and a private call used in private places which require login.
Cruise information service for travel agents Travel travel,vacation, CostaClick is the professional portal for travel agents provided by Costa Cruises, a booking service for cruises around the world. The CostaClick API allows users to retrieve a huge variety of information from the portal via SOAP calls. Users can search for cruises by origin, destination, ship, and/or port. They can also retrieve a full cruise description as well as the documents required for booking. On top of that, users can also retrieve information on special services for a cruise, fares, ports, and much more.
International baby naming services Reference family,names,reference, An API for baby name statistics. Find the right baby boy and baby girl name. Gets data on popular baby names in countries in the world. Program for baby names by date and by gender.
Business application development platform Enterprise applications,backend,development,enterprise, Cloudfier is a platform for the development and deployment of enterprise applications. The service allows you to use Cloudfiera??s business programming language to define a business-centric solution. Cloudfier then takes care of the technical side by automatically producing a complete, running web application, from user-interface to database schema.  The functionality of Cloudfier applications is available via a REST API. Examples provided in the documentation include determining the currently logged-in user and determining default values when creating new objects via the REST API.  
Street address validation service Shipping address,mail,shipping,validation, The service verifies street and delivery addresses as submitted and corrects them to standard format used by shipping services. Addresses as entered are compared against updated reference data to confirm that the delivery location actually exists, and format correction helps to expedite shipments by maintaining compliance with package handling systems. Available supplemental content includes geodata or demographic information for the specified location.   API methods support interactive verification of a delivery address specified in the request and return confirmation that it exists and its correct format, including basic geocoding information. Batch verification methods provide the same functions, plus checks against records of deceased persons and change-of-address filings along with consumer classification information.
New York Job search and employment platform Job Search employment,jobs,mobile,NY,search, Hired in NY is a mobile app enabling users to discover, connect, and apply to jobs from New York based startups and tech companies. The application was originally built for NYC BigApps 2013. The Hired in NY API provides free developer access to the application, supporting access to information on companies, jobs, and people. The API supports search through a variety of parameters. Results are JSON formatted. 
Coupon aggregation service Shopping coupons,ecommerce,mobile,monetization,shopping, Wishpot is a social shopping service that lets users save and share things they find in stores or online. The items are then organized using online lists or registries that can be shared with others.  The Wishpot coupon service aggregates and normalizes a variety of coupons data sources. The Product Portals retrieve coupons from a single service. These coupons can also be queried via an API. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Email Marketing Service Email contacts,email,marketing,newsletter,subscription, AcyMailing is an e-mail marketing service, it enables you to create e-mail marketing campaigns with powerful statistics and build a real automatic e-mail system for an entire website allowing users to keep up with subscribers and create a link between the business and them. The AcyMailing API allows users to get subscriptions via url, get the AcyMailing mailing list, insert a user, subscribe or remove a user from a list, create a newsletter, an insert an e0mail in the queue. 
Social network connection platform Social deadpool,facebook,MySpace,social,Twitter, Adobe&#039;s Social API provides Flash developers with a single interface to integrate with Facebook, Twitter and MySpace sign-on systems. Provides means for login, share, invite, select friends, and other commands across the social networks. Because your code is passed through Adobe, you don&#039;t have to worry about changes to underlying APIs. Facebook support is provided for free, while there may be a charge for the other networks.
Music information database Music referencemusicmusicbrainz, Cloudspeaker is a music catalog of reviews, audios, and videos. The Cloudspeaker API gives developers the ability to access the Cloudspeaker database of music information. All links in the service are matched with the MusicBrainz database. 
Geocoding and gelocation service Mapping geocoding,geolocation,gis,mapping, The service generates precise geolocation and mapping coordinates and standardized addresses based on user or application input specifying a location in varying formats. It also provides information relevant to the location, including businesses and other organizations nearby, geographic features, and places of interest. The precision of geolocation is influenced by the detail of data submitted to the service. General information about the location will return a neighborhood, postal code, or street, while more specific information can be resolved to a precise physical address.  API methods support submission of known location data, either as free text or structured parameters. Optional parameters include the street or thoroughfare, the section or specific spot along that thoroughfare, the postal code, and the district or neighborhood, city, state or province, and any other administrative zone (e.g., a county). Depending on the completeness of the request, the API returns mapping specifications for either a general area or a precise physical address in standard format. Methods allow either individual submission of a single location or batch submission of a group of distinct locations.
Online business collaboration service Social business,cloud,sbweb,social, Banckle.com is a collaboration website that delivers cloud-computing solutions to enterprises on a global scale. Banckle Apps Suite is accompanied with a set of APIs that lets developers create new applications by interacting with single or multiple Banckle Apps and borrow some of its features. Currently APIs are available for the Live Chat, Online Meeting and File Sharing apps. The API deals with CRUD (Create, Read, Update, and Delete) operations for resource management. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML or JSON.
Multi-device texting service Messaging Global,messaging,sms,texting, mysms provides users with a platform to send and receive texts on notebooks, desktop computers or tablets. Users can synchronize texts between their devices and read texts as they come in on their laptop or tablet without needing to have their phone nearby.  The mysms Open API provides you with all of the server-side core functions.  You can also use the service apart from the mysms applications and build your own applications. The API utilizes a RESTful interface and supports both XML and JSON response formats.
Bible excerpt service Reference bible,reference,religion, Hosted by Atlanta based Gwinnet Romanian Baptist Church, the Open Bible API provides developer access to bible verses and chapters. Available bible texts are the American Standard Version and the Cornilescu Revised Version of the Romanian Bible. Results may be XML or JSON formatted.
Custom typography messaging service Internet design,internet,typography,webdesign, Gzaas is a web service that lets users create custom, full screen messages using custom typography. These messages then be associated to links that can be posted anywhere and shared with others.
SMS text messaging service Messaging deadpool,messaging,sms,text, The service provides SMS text messaging triggered by a number of methods, including HTTP calls, SMPP connection, and upload of Excel files. In each case, the user application specifies the recipient number and message body text, either as URL parameters or data recorded in spreadsheet cells. The service can deliver individual messages generated for specific purposes or bulk SMS messaging to deliver the same message to multiple recipients. Message delivery can reach recipients via more than 820 mobile networks worldwide.  API methods support submission of HTTP requests with parameters specifying recipient and message text. Methods also allow uploads of files specifying message and recipient. The API accepts and routes replies and other inbound text messages and provides account management functions like available balance inquiries.
Real estate slides retrieval service Photos image,photo,realestate,slideshow, 21 Forty Medical District is a community of apartment residences located in Dallas, TX. It is adjacent to UT Southwestern Medical Center and three miles north of the Central Business District. Those interested in the community can visit the 21 Forty Medical District website to access further information and to view a slide show of images from the residences. The Slide Show Data Service API allows users to retrieve these slides programmatically via SOAP calls.
CRM software Enterprise CRM,email,sbweb, WBP Systems Heap is a CRM system that allows users to track their contacts, leads and clients. With the HEAP simple API users can send information or retrieve information from Heap programmatically. It uses REST and responses are formatted in XML.
Source code repository Tools source,tools,webhooks, GitHub is a repository of public open source and private business code. Is is a fast, efficient, distributed version control system ideal for the collaborative development of software. Use it to fork projects, send pull requests, monitor development.
CRM services Enterprise CRM,enterprise,office, Salesforce.com API provides programmatic access to an organization???s information and allows developers to implement custom functionality. The worldwide leader in on-demand customer relationship management (CRM) services. More companies trust their vital customer and sales data to salesforce.com than any other on-demand CRM company in the world. The Apex platform and API extends Salesforce and the AppExchange is a directory of on-demand applications.  The Apex RESTful API allows developers to create other web services, email services and perform complex validation of objects, and create complete business processes that are not normally supported.
Global address validation and location service Mapping address,geocoding,mapping, The service provides global location data for address validation. It processes submitted address data to validate and standardize its format, then assigns latitude and longitude coordinates to pinpoint the location. The intent is to process incomplete and variably formatted address information to determine precise locations.  API methods support submission of an address string and processing based on datasets of valid location information to enhance and reformat the address for exact location. Datasets are available for locations worldwide from multiple sources.
Unified authentication platform Security authentication,cloud,security,wifi, Cloudessa is a cloud-hosted WiFi network access authentication service. The platform provides user authentication solutions that allow enterprises and hotspot network providers to secure and control all WiFi, BYOD, remote VPN, and captive portal access to their networks.   Cloudessa offers a REST API that allows your platform to interact with the network access control infrastructure provided by Cloudessa. The API allows you to create, delete and modify users, groups, guest users and virtual RADIUS servers and to get a list of all active sessions.  
Service for publishing and sharing documents Storage deadpool,office,storage, Welcome to the preview of Share, a free web-based service that allows you to easily share, publish and organize your documents. REST APIs for Share are also available - and through these APIs, you can easily use Share capabilities in a mashup or as the basis for a new application. You can do things like: Upload and download documents, Share documents as URLs, Set permissions on documents, Retrieve document thumbnails, Retrieve Flash-based document previews 
12-second videoblogging Video blog,deadpool,video, The 12seconds API provides developers with the ability to grab and mix content from the 12seconds site in a number of cool ways. This alpha release of the API is a set of simple HTTP requests to our API server that returns XML for your mashup pleasure. You can grab a single user&#039;s videos, the videos of that user&#039;s friends, metadata about a single video, and videos matching tags.
Urban geo-spatial data services Mapping geolocation,mapping, Urban Mapping&#039;s Mapfluence product is a platform that helps developers and enterprise markets create geospatial applications using the data and technological services that Urban Mapping provides.   The Mapfluence API allows developers to access the geospatial data from Mapfluence and Urban Mapping. Some example API methods include adding data layers, such as demographic, on web maps, access contextual information about a location, and searching data to create tables or charts. 
Distributed product support services Social reviews,sbweb,social,support, From their site: The Get Satisfaction API lets you access the data inside Get Satisfaction, and lets you and your users put data inside Get Satisfaction. The API is simple and should let you replicate almost all the functionality of Get Satisfaction from outside Get Satisfaction. Get Satisfaction is a place where people can get the most from the products they use, and where companies are encouraged to get real with their customers. Customers, employees, and companies are all welcome here. Nothing is hidden, and no one is censored. Join the conversation!
Easter date calculator Calendar calendar,india,religion, The St. Gregorios Indian Orthodox Church, based in Maryland, provides its online visitors with access to the Calendar API. This service enables users to calculate the date on which Easter will fall in a given year. This API makes use of SOAP calls issued in XML format.
NFL statistics for fantasy football Sports fantasy,football,games,nfl,sports,stats, FantasyData.com provides NFL statistical data for fantasy football professionals, developers, and fans. Products include web services, historical team and fantasy database downloads, and a RESTful API.  The FantasyData NFL API provides developer access to NFL data including live scores, season information, team stats, and box scores. The API is delivered over the Apiphany platform and is offered at four subscription levels, depending on data needs.
URL Shortening Service Tools deadpool,internet,tools,url-shortener,utility, Brkn.be provides a Url shortening service on its regular web page. This feature is also available as a simple REST API that responds to GET or POST requests to shorten the submitted URL. The shortened URL can also be used to track click statistics such as unique visitors, visiting countries, and browsers. 
Time management solutions service Office office,time-tracking, ProWorkflow is a project management, workflow and time tracking solution for small to medium businesses. ProWorkflow enables you to keep accurate time-keeping records, organize, plan, and delegate jobs and tasks whilst using the timeline to have an overview of company activity. With the ProWorkflow API you can create your own offline apps to share ProWorkflow&#039;s data, Create offline reports, tntegrate with other applications and extranets/intranets, as well as display ProWorkflow&#039;s data elsewhere. 
Fitness data recording and vizualization service Other deadpool,spain,sports,vizualization, Fitbook.es is a online application that records all your body measurements (weight, body fat, waist, arms, chest, legs...) and builds graphs of them for online publishing. The site can be integrated with Facebook to share data amongst friends. The fitbook API allows developers to integrate the service into their apps and sites. The API can be used to show data visualizations of weight and body fat loss. It uses REST protocol and responses are in a graphical format. The site and documentation are in Spanish.
Comprehensive, cloud-based marketing platform Advertising advertising,cloud,marketing, Adobe Marketing Cloud is a comprehensive, integrated marketing solution composed of services such as Adobe Analytics, Adobe Target, Adobe Social, Adobe Experience Manager, and Adobe Media Optimizer. These allow marketers to manage, track, and optimize their campaigns and promotional materials. The Adobe Genesis service allows users to consolidate their online marketing tools in a central location. The Adobe Marketing Cloud also provides a collaborative user interface and dashboards that update in real time.  The Adobe Marketing Cloud provides developers with an Enterprise API and a Partner API. The Enterprise API is designed for use by Adobe Marketing Cloud customers. It provides programmatic methods for collecting, importing, exporting, and running reports on customer data. The Partner API is designed for use by Adobe Genesis partners, allowing them to use integrated data to improve their businesses.
Music sharing service Music music,social,streaming, Tinysong is a music sharing service that allows users to type in the name of a song and receive listings of where the song can be found streaming on the internet. The URLs leading to the songs are stored in a shortened format, preceded by tinysong.com. The Tinysong API allows developers to access the search and metadata features of the service.  Tinysong has a simple RESTful API that makes available search and Tinysong URL generation. Tinysong is a way to get links to any song in the world. Share those links with friends via Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, email or StumbleUpon. The three methods include: returns a single Tinysong link, return additional meta-information about the Tinysong link generated, and multiple results are returned in the same format as the other two methods. Responses can be url or JSON.
Online marketing service for local businesses Shopping advertising,coupons,local,shopping, MerchantCircle is an online network of local business owners, combining social networking features with customizable web listings that allow local merchants to attract new customers.  The MerchantCircle API allows developers to access business names, locations, coupons, deals, and more information within MerchantCircle.
Online humor and lolcat service Photos humor,lolcat,photo, The Cheezburger API allows users to integrate features of Cheezburger.com (a funny photo site) into their website or web app. Features include database searching (of the site&#039;s photos), photo uploading, caption uploading, and more.
Russian search engine Search russia,search, XML API for Russian search engine.
Goal tracking application Goal Setting goal-setting,goals,pim,tracking, Beeminder is a goal tracking service that allows users to set goals and track their progress towards them with incentives along the way.  The Beeminder API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Beeminder with other applications and to create new applications. The API methods include retrieving information about users, retrieving information about goals, and retrieving datapoints. 
Application deployment service Backend applications,backend,development,hosting, ContinuityApp is a fully hosted application integration and deployment service. Users write the code and ContinuityApp runs the tests suites and deploys the projects. The service allows developers to test and deploy apps without having to worry about servers or systems administration.  ContinuityApp offers a REST API for the integration of ContinuityApp services. The API uses HTTP basic authentication and OAuth2 and all responses are returned in JSON. 
Stock Charting Service Tools chart,display,graph,image,information,tools, Highcharts is a charting library that gives users access to interactive charts that can be added to a web site or web application. Highcharts currently supports line, spline, area, areaspline, column, bar, pie, scatter, angular gauges, arearange, areasplinerange, columnrange, bubble, box plot, error bars, funnel, waterfall and polar chart types. Highstock lets users use JavaScript to create stock or general timeline charts, including navigation options like a small navigator series, preset date ranges, date picker, scrolling and panning. The API uses JavaScript.  An account with service is required. 
Project management and collaboration software Project Management collaboration,enterprise,project-management, TeamLab is an open-source platform for business collaboration and project management. The platform includes software for managing project, collaborating with team members, document management and a CRM. The TeamLab API exposes the functionality of the platform and gives developers programmatic access to it. Users can perform standard CRUD operations on groups, files, projects, forums, people and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Shopping services Shopping deadpool,search,shopping, From their site: The API can be used to create applications that provide comparison shopping and product search functionality as well as display user reviews.
Online mapping service Mapping display,mapping,openstreetmap,viewer, MapQuest Open API is an OpenStreetMap-based version of embeddable online maps. Using JavaScript or Flex (Flash and Mobile Flash APIs), you can create maps, add controls, plot points and draw lines on the map. The underlying map data, which is displayed as a tiled &quot;slippy&quot; map, is Creative Commons licensed and crowd-sourced by the OpenStreetMap community.
Photo sharing service Photos photo, From their site: We believe that APIs should be open and non-vendor specific to create a common field for interoperability and competition. It does not make a lot of sense for us to create a 23 API that can only be used with one service. Therefore we are actively working with a wide variety of people in the sharing space to create open standards. In the meantime we have added support for the Flickr API giving any developer who is already has spent time implementing the Flikr API a chance to support 23 in 2-3 minutes. [[http://www.23hq.com/doc/api/switch See differences]].
Information security and compliance service Security cloud,compliance,security,vulnerabilty, QualysGuard Cloud is an information security and compliance solution. QualysGuard applications include  vulnerability management, policy compliance, web application scanning, malware detection and Qualys SECURE Seal for security testing of web sites.   The QualysGuard API enables developers to integrate all aspects of the QualysGuard automated solution into their applications via an extensible XML interface.
Website sign in service Internet login,security,signin,website, BrowserID is a service that allows for easy sign in to websites. On websites that support BrowserID, users can click on the sign in button, enter their preferred email, and sign in without any passwords.  The BrowserID API allows developers to integrate BrowserID into websites. The API methods are adding BrowserID functionality into websites, identifying users, and verifying the user&#039;s identity.
Online photo buying and printing service Photos ecommerce,photo,printing, Pwinty is an online photo buying and printing service. Customers of Pwinty can integrate Pwinty into their website or application to enable their customers to buy and print photos.  The Pwinty API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Pwinty with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving order information and status, adding photos to orders, and deleting photos from orders.
JavaScript code encryption service Internet code,encryption,internet,security, JScrambler is a service that encrypts JavaScript code used in a site or application to make it appear incomprehensible. The code will still function exactly the same, but will be much harder for anyone to copy. JScrambler has been tested with all major browsers, mobile devices, and JavaScript frameworks.  The JScrambler API allows developers to automate requests to encrypt JavaScript projects, delete projects, download encrypted projects, and retrieve information for managing encrypted project versions.
Long tweet blogging service Blogging blogging,microblogging,Twitter, Tweet Press is a free blogging service that lets users post updates longer than 140 characters to Twitter, organize them on their own personal blog by topic, and gather all replies and comments in one place. The Tweet Press REST API allows users to create a new Tweet Press Posting, and corresponding Tweet, using HTTP requests. The API uses HTTP POST calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Digital music marketplace Music music, From their site: Through the SNOCAP proprietary Digital Registry, artists and labels are empowered to easily promote and sell their music through digital retailers or through their own unique artist store. In turn, these retailers have a growing inventory, offering more music to more music fans. The MyStore Search API allows web applications to search for SNOCAP MyStores and display them on a web page. The API accepts artist names and/or track titles passed as URL parameters and returns results as an object in javascript object notation (JSON). This interface is useful for applications that wish to render MyStore storefronts on web pages based on contextual metadata matching.
Sports radio station finder Sports mapping,radio,sports, Follow The Game is a service for finding radio stations that are covering the Big Game. Users may enter a single location or the route for a road trip and receive back the station or stations that will be covering the game in that area. Query results can be viewed directly on the Follow The Game website, or they can be retrieved programmatically via SOAP API.
Rate People by Their Phone Number/Email Social deadpool,reputation,social, Medentify is a website where users can publish anonymous reviews and ratings about other people/companies or search earlier reviews by the person/company&#039;s phone number or email. Medentify also provides a RESTful API allowing developers to create their own applications that are able to search Medentify and submit new Medentify reports.
Mapping service for blog posts Blogging blog,mapping,places,social, From their site: The PostMapper Web Service allows bloggers to display their posts on the PostMapper Map with post titles, excerpts, and a link back to the full post. You can use our Wordpress Plugin to geocode the posts and submit to our service, or develop your own application. Use RESTful queries to add, delete, and update content.
Cloud shipping system Shipping cloud,shipping,tracking, Dataplug is a cloud shipping system built to allow users to manage all their transport carriers in a single place. The Dataplug API provides a RESTful interface for automating transactions. Specifically, the API can generate orders, retrieve order information, and track orders. Data is sent and received in XML format.  
Blog statistics service for WordPress blogs Blogging blog,statistics, WPapi is an API that gives you access to up-to-date download stats for your WordPress-hosted plugins and themes using feeds such as JSON, XML, CSV and PHP. You can use this data on your own blog or website for displaying graphs or other visualizations.
Social travel goals Social social,tagging,travel, From their site: Travel changes people. Whether it is finding a great new coffee shop in your city or a life altering trip around the world, finding great places can make us happier people. 43 Places helps you make a list of the great places you want to visit and share stories and photos of the places you&#039;ve been.
Location-based services Mapping display,geocoding,mapping,places,viewer, Online mapping and geolocation services. Create embeddable maps with JavaScript, including customizable tiles that fit the look and feel of your site. The deCarta service also includes powerful geocoding, reverse geocoding and routing.
Geocoding and address matching Tools address,deadpool,geocoding,gps, The Natural Area Coding System is a geodetic system that has generated code called Natural Area Code (NAC) to unify the representations of geographic coordinates, area codes, street addresses, postal codes, map grids and property identifiers of every location or area in the world, and make the information from all maps, GPS receivers and location based services and products connected, efficient and universal.   The NAC Geocoding API provides real-time geocoding and reverse geocoding of addresses from 26 countries and areas. The geocoding service can geocode formatted street addresses, street intersections, points of interests, places, cities, state/provinces, ZIP/postal codes or countries from all these countries and areas. The geocoding service is provided as both SOAP web service and REST web service (RESTful responses are formatted in either XML or JSON format). 
Video hosting service Video restful,video,XML, vzaar allows businesses to upload video to the vzaar platform. From there, vzaar streams the video to the business website or online market product listings. vzaar hosts their own video player for embedding content on the web. vzaar is intended for ecommerce usage. The vzaar API exposes vzaar???s key features to web applications that would like to build custom solutions on top of the vzaar video platform.
Social conversation aggregator Social analytics,deadpool,sbweb,social, Context Voice is a service that aggregates conversations from social websites around specific URLs. The Context Voice API provides a RESTful interface with either XML or JSON formatted responses.  
Elastic Compute Cloud virtual hosting Internet internet, The Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) API is a web service that enables you to launch and manage Linux/UNIX and Windows server instances in Amazon&#039;s data centers. Giving users the ability to &quot;compute&quot; in the cloud, it provides users with complete control of their computing resources and lets them run on Amazon&#039;s computing environment. Amazon EC2 changes the economics of computing by allowing users to pay only for capacity that is actually used.  Amazon EC2 provides two APIs: SOAP and REST. The same XML body is returned in both the REST API and SOAP API. The WSDL for each supported API version is available from the following URI:  http://ec2.amazonaws.com/doc/&lt;api-version&gt;/AmazonEC2.wsdl   The WSDL should be treated as a moving target as it will always map to the latest release of the Amazon EC2 SOAP API. 
Ministry jobs feed service Feeds church,feeds,jobs,religion, Interserve is a Christian community, in partnerships with the global church that strives to make Jesus Christ known through wholistic ministry amongst peoples of Asia and the Arab World. The API provides access to data feeds that  are updated twice daily with the latest job openings from Asia and the Arab world, with stories from people serving there, and other useful supporting information. Data formats available include RSS, HTML5, JSON/JSONP, and CSV.
Music downloads & streaming platform Music downloads,mp3,music,radio,streaming, Open platform providing access to extensive music catalogue of tens of millions of tracks fully licensed by all major labels and indies. 7digital API enables partners to create standalone consumer offerings or compliment an existing business with music downloads, radio or on-demand streaming or even experiment with brand new type of music services.
Project management and collaboration service Project Management enterprise,project-management,sbweb,social, The Huddle project management API enables developer access to team workspaces, file sharing, project tracking, project collaboration, and also the ability to hook up with other teams for added collaboration. Programmatically do things you can normally do with the Huddle site.
Online purchase delivery service Shipping deadpool,ecommerce,shipping,shopping,uk, The UK service aggregates offerings from courier services and other shipping carriers to provide quotes for shipping and arrange delivery via the selected provider. It enables expedited delivery or scheduling of delivery within a 1-hour time window. A GPS-enabled tracking service maps shipment progress toward the destination.  API methods support retrieval of quotes from shipping carriers based on specified origin and destination points, carrier delivery terms, and related parameters. Methods also support contracting with the carrier to deliver the shipment. The API also allows access to specific delivery vehicle information.
short messaging service Messaging germany,Global,messaging,mobile,sms,telephony, Our SMS API enables easy sending of text messages to all German networks and worldwide.  Non-binding, simple and fast. No contract commitment, monthly charges and minimum revenue.  Sending text messages from your own applications a?? no problem with the Send SMS API. CMS and ERP systems, desktop software, widgets or apps can all be enhanced with text message functions on a cross-platform basis.  Use cases include notifications for order and delivery confirmations, reminders, status and system alerts, callback requests and SMS communication for communities.
Music and video clip saving and sharing service Bookmarks bookmarks,music,video, Everytime is a tool that allows people to save and share music and video from the web or computer. Media can be shared either publicly or privately, as well as bookmarked on the user&#039;s browser.  The Everytime API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Everytime with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving media and files, posting media and files, and managing playlists. 
Application integration service Tools application,Automation,pipes,tools,trigger,unix, Zapier is an application that integrates applications together. Users can choose triggers that automatically push data and content from one application to another.   With Zapier, developers and users can integrate applications with API keys. Some example API methods include managing account information, performing various actions, and automating processes.
User reviews database and services Recommendations recommendations,reviews, Use the RateItAll Consumer Rating API to add to your consumer reviews with some of the millions of consumer ratings in RateItAll&#039;s database, to collect and display ratings and reviews from your user base, and to distribute and promote your data to RateItAll.com&#039;s large user base. Also, monetization opportunities are available.
Song lyrics data service Music lyrics,music, Wikia is a collaborative publishing platform that enables people around the world to discover, create, and share content on any topic. Wikia also provides the LyricWiki API, a service which provides users with lyrics to many popular songs from a variety of artists.  This free API can be used via SOAP or REST, though the SOAP functionality is currently more robust. Lyrics can be returned as XML, JSON, HTML, or plain text. Authentication is optional when using the API via SOAP (and not available when using REST), and can be used if you want to associate any webservice changes that you make with your user-account.  Please note that due to licensing restrictions, the API can only directly return a small portion of the lyrics directly - which is useful for determining if you have a correct match. All responses also contain a URL to a corresponding page with the full lyrics.
Online html forms and web survey builder Internet forms,internet,sbweb,surveys, FormSite.com is a site that allows users to build online html forms and web surveys. There are over 100 pre-built forms that users can customize. The site also provides the functionality to email, analyze, share, and download survey  data. The RESTful API allows users to interact with forms and results. Currently responses are formatted in XML but JSON and CSV may be added based on user demand.
Online coupons and discounts Shopping coupons,retail,shopping, The RetailMeNot.com Community Ideas API provides methods for obtaining data from this site for using in mashups and other consumable formats. Retail Me Not is a website that provides links to, and information about online coupons, coupon codes and discounts for a variety of retailers. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
National Football League (NFL) statistics service Sports football,games,news,nfl,sports, The Washington Post is a newspaper out of Washington DC.   The Washington Post NFL Statistics API allows developers to access and integrate statistics from the National Football League (NFL) with other applications and to create new applications. Example API methods include retrieving players and player information, retrieving team statistics and information, and retrieving information on games. 
Mass transit mapping and information Travel deadpool,transit, The Urban Mapping Mass Transit Proximity API enables users to enhance existing spatial databases, enrich location-based applications and promote alternative transportation options. This API exposes a subset of the extensive normalized data set maintained by Urban Mapping. Why? In many urban areas, critical decisions are often based on proximity to transit nodes such as subway stations, bus stops, commuter rail lines and airports. Similarly, access to public transportation can influence habits, routines, and tasks. However, data sources for mass transit system are highly idiosyncratic, difficult to extract, or unpublished. Urban Mapping solves these problems and offers normalized transit data that developers can use to create innovative applications.
URL shortening service Internet deadpool,internet,tools,url-shortener, ndurl allows users to shorten URLs to share and transfer content to mobile. ndurl facilitates sharing of shortened URLs with a wide variety of services, including bookmarking, social networking, and news sites. ndurl offers a public API for generating short URLs and viewing destination of short generated URLs.
Database of OpenStreetMap location tags Mapping mapping,metadata,tagging, Taginfo is a web service for OpenStreetMap (OSM) that collects and shares metadata describing the tags OSM uses to add meaning to geographic objects. The Taginfo API provides developer access to the tag database. All calls to the RESTful API use the HTTP GET request and are read-only. 
Real estate multiple listing service Real Estate CRM,MLS,realestate, Real Estate Cloud provides various services for real estate listings and Customer Relationship Management (CRM). Their API currently provides services for searching and retrieving real estate data.  This is a REST-based API that returns data in JSON, and requires an API key for access.
Question and answer tool Answers answers,deadpool,polls,questions,tools, Urtak is a question and answer poll service. Users can create questions for their audience to respond to with one of three simple responses: yes, no, or don&#039;t care. Urtak is embedded within content to ask questions of the audience.  The Urtak API allows developers to integrate Urtak functionality into applications and platforms that are not already supported by Urtak. Some example API methods include listing Urtaks, showing an individual Urtak, creating Urtaks, and editing Urtaks.
Graphing trends service News charts,social,trends,visualization, From their site: Track, compare and share data. Identify trends across social graphs and networks, realize the potential of p2p, track engagement metrics, look at what is really happening, real time.
Postage and shipping service Shipping package,postage,shipping,tracking, EasyPost is a postage and shipping service for applications. The EasyPost API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of EasyPost with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving shipping rates for UPS, USPS, FedEx, DHL, and others, comparing rates, tracking packages, and buying postage.
File distribution service Storage storage, The Tinyload API allows developers to utilize our file distribution platform. Developers can queue concurrent uploads to sites like MegaUpload, MediaFire, DivShare, RapidShare, and Amazon S3 Service to implement in remote applications. 
Image editing service Photos editing,image,photo,visualization, The PicarIS Platform generates variations of images in real time to multiple channels. The master images are manipulated by URL requests. The visuals can easily be recolored, retextured, resized, cropped, and more.   The PicarIS Platform API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PicarIS with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service.  
SEO improvement service Blogging blogging,SEO, Scribe is a plugin and subscription service that analyzes blogs posts, give users information about them, and makes suggestions about improving posts from an SEO Perspective. Scribe offers an API that lets developers create custom applications. It uses SOAP protocol but public documentation is not available.
Remote HVAC control service Tools energy,green,tools, The service provides for remote control of building HVAC systems by interacting with internet-enabled thermostats and other control devices. It allows applications, including those running on mobile devices, to monitor conditions reported by building sensors and respond by changing equipment settings. Smart controls log readings with the servers operated by the service to allow reporting of device status and equipment functions over time.  API methods support access to data reported by internet-enabled heating controls, including device status, current temperature reading, and temperature set point. Methods also provide hourly readings recorded over the most recent 24-hour period or over all days withing a specified date range.
SEO rank monitoring service Internet internet,keyword,search,SEO, ZoomRank offers users and partners an API for securely accessing user accounts, profiles, rankings, and repository records. ZoomRank is an enterprise software-as-a-service (SaaS) solution that automatically monitors a business&#039; keyword rankings on the Big 3 search engines and emails users the results. The API uses RESTful protocol and response are formatted in either XML or JSON.
Bus charter management software Enterprise Charter,coach,enterprise,management,transportation, TravelManager is a comprehensive business management platform for the bus charter industry. The TravelManager allows developers to integrate the platforma??s capabilities into their own software. Supported calls include managing tour details, booking, quote generation, and more.
Dictionary, spelling, and other word reference Reference Dictionary,reference,spelling, Wordnik APIs let you request definitions from the The Century Dictionary, frequency data reflecting occurrences in our corpus, example sentences for words, spelling suggestions, word autocompletion, and words of the day, and more on the way.
Pure Voice Interaction Experience Delivery Entertainment answers,education,questions,quiz,speech, ZOWi is a voice experience platform that enables users to engage in pure voice interactions.  The ZOWi API enables developers to interact with the ZOWi mobile app via JSON objects to deliver pure voice interactions.  The API also enables users to request data about voice interactions, thus enabling the analysis and reporting on interactions.
Geolocation service for words and phrases Mapping deadpool,geolocation,mapping,semantic, Yahoo&#039;s REST-based Geo Location API allows users to retrieve associated geographic locations for a given term (e.g. paella, wild west, reindeer). This may be used to identify words or phrases that are descriptive or characteristic of a certain area. The user may retrieve implicit locations for a term on a global scale or within a restricted geographic region, such as a country or a town.
Customer service chat platform Chat api,business,chat,visit, The LivePerson platform enables businesses to identify and engage customers using the right communication channel, at the right time. This hosted solution delivers tools that support and manage online customer interactions ??? chat, email, voice, and knowledgebase ??? from a single agent application.  The service provides users an opportunity to immediately chat with a representative via an instant messaging system embedded in their site. With the API, users can create, update and retrieve resources. Responses are formatted in XML and JSON.  By using the LivePerson Platform APIs, users can customize their applications to add features that extend the reach of their LivePerson solution.   Use the LivePerson Visit API (REST) to monitor the activities of your visitors beyond your website -- on a wide range of devices, applications and websites using HTTP requests. These can include mobile devices, social media websites and desktop applications. In addition, you can use the Visit API to add custom variables to existing, monitored website visits.
3D printing service Other 3d,other,printing, Shapeways is a 3D printing service that allows users to order custom-designed 3D objects online. Materials available for printing include steel, silver, ceramic, glass, and various plastics.  Shapeways provides a SOAP-based API that enables developers to download information on the available materials, including their properties. The API also lets users upload 3D models for printing.
Meterological data visualization service Weather mapping,science,visualization,weather, The service provides functions for visualizing data about the effectiveness of meteorological models to help evaluate their predictive success. A web-based tool plots measures of model accuracy using functions of the R statistical package. The web service generates XML serializations specifying each data plot, along with supporting resources to enable visual display.  API methods support listing of available meteorological databases, forecast variables they store, and values for those variables from a selected database. Methods allow iteration for a range of selected databases, variables, and data values to generate a specification for a data plot to be generated by the visualization service.
Information feed creation service Feeds aggregator,deadpool,feeds,widgets, PHREADZ is a &#039;Social Multimedia Network&#039; enabling threaded conversations on any topic using posts from desktops and mobiles, to emails. Currently the Phreadz API offers the data required to build your own players and widgets based around the posts and conversations, which Phreadz helps pull together. 
Content sharing community Bookmarks bookmarks,deadpool, From their site: Blue Dot???s free Web site allows users to find, save and share interesting Web content with friends and family. The company???s technology lets users quickly communicate and share information on a wide range of topics in a way that can be easily incorporated into their daily activities.
Music embedding service Music embed,music,radio,social,streaming, Rdio is an online music radio service that provides access to millions of songs in almost every genre. Users can play songs whenever they want, as many times as they want, or they can listen to stations that combine their current favorites with similar, unheard songs. The Rdio oEmbed API allows developers to retrieve the embed code for an album, track, or playlist using either the resource&#039;s full or shortened URL.
Auto insurance verification service Government auto,government,Insurance, The service provides verification of compliance with driver financial responsibility requirements enacted by the U.S. state of Wyoming. It checks for registration of automobile insurance coverage and confirms legal compliance status. The service was created to help police detect circumvention of the state requirement to maintain continued insurance coverage by paying only a single month&#039;s premium just to gain proof of insurance documents.  API methods support electronic verification of coverage for vehicles covered by personal lines insurance. (Wyoming law exempts vehicles covered by a commercial insurance policy from verification requirements.) Methods allow submission of driver and vehicle identifying information along with policy number (if known) and dates of coverage to return updated information on coverage status at the time specified.
Personalized home page with widgets Widgets opensocial,widgets, From their site: UWA (Universal Widget API) is the next generation of the Netvibes wigdet API, the successor of the Netvibes Mini Module API. With this new release, our API becomes a powerful framework for Web widgets development - not only for Netvibes widgets, but also for many other environments, among which are Apple???s Dashboard and the Google Homepage. With the UWA, you only need one API to build widgets for a host of environments.
Electronica music streaming service Music music,Player, Console.fm is a music streaming service that streams various genres of electronica music. Console.fm is organized by genre channels that users can select from. Console.fm also offers an iPhone application.  The Console.fm API allows developers to access the data and functionality of Console.fm for integration with other applications. Some example API methods include searching and retrieving genre lists, retrieving artist information, and accessing track information.
Global surf conditions forecasts Sports forecast,sports,surfing,weather, MSW (Magic SeaWeed) provides detailed, long range surf forecasts for almost 3000 beaches in 180 countries. The MSW Forecast API offers programmatic access to core weather and ocean data specifically purposed for surfing. The RESTful API provides access to data types such as breaking wave height, wind, temperature, and sea level pressure.
Real estate listing service Real Estate realestate, HomeFinder.com connects home buyers, sellers and real estate professionals through local newspapers&#039; online real estate section. Currently the HomeFinder.com API is only offered to our partners. For access, users must register. An API key is needed and public documentation is not available on the site. 
Music search and streaming service Music music,search,streaming, Spotify allows users to share songs and playlists with friends, and work together on collaborative playlists. The Spotify Apps API allows partners and developers to integrate their apps into the desktop client. The API uses several protocols including JavaScript.
Online authentication for Indian citizens Government authentication,government,india,security, The UIDAI&#039;s mandate is to issue every resident a unique identification number linked to the resident&#039;s demographic and biometric information, which they can use to identify themselves anywhere in India, and to access a host of benefits and service. The UIDAI proposes to provide online authentication using demographic and biometric data. The API provides authentication services to residents making requests for government agency  services. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Free web hosting for static sites Internet forms,hosting,internet,static,website, BitBalloon is a free hosting service optimized for static sites. In addition to performing asset compression, image optimization, CDN Integration, and perfect caching, BitBalloon provides a REST API capable of deploying sites, managing form submissions, injecting javascript snippets, and intelligently updating HTML documents. 
Open source software database Database database,programming,software,tools, Freecode is a database of Linux, Unix, and other cross-platform software and apps. The repository holds catalogue of technical definitions of mostly open-source applications and a history of each projecta??s release. Freecode also publishes its own content on the culture and craft of coding. The API exposes the sitea??s database for developers wishing to access information such as releases and screenshots for different applications. It is a RESTful API that returns JSON and XML formatted data. 
Germany open government data Government germany,government, OffeneDaten is an open government data portal for Germany. Powered by CKAN, the Comprehensive Knowledge Archive Network, Data groups include Data Catalog of Federal Ministry for Education and Research; GENESIS database of the Federal Statistical Office; Data Catalog Berlin; Data Catalog Bremen; MOGDy Munich. OffeneDaten datasets include: elections; waste disposal; employment; air quality; GDP; education; public budgets; and more.   The CKAN API provides access to this data. The API is RESTful and returns responses in JSON and JSONP.
Uses the Livekick API to display live concert alerts on blip.fm. null concerts,events,live,music,recommendations,social, Uses the Livekick API to display live concert alerts on blip.fm.
Trip tracking and recording application Travel mapping,photo,sharing,social,travel,trip, HipGeo is an application that allows users to automatically track and record where they go and how they get there via the location-aware HipGeo platform. Other features of the HipGeo application include sharing locations with friends and families, adding and sharing photos, and sharing records of trips.  The HipGeo API allows developers to access and integration the data and functionality of HipGeo with other applications and to build other applications. Some example API methods include posting and receiving journal entries and records of trips, searching by locations and times, and accessing information about media and photos contained in the records.
Weather forecast services Weather weather, WeatherBug is a full source weather provider featuring exclusive data from its own network of over 8,000 weather observation stations in the USA. The API gives you access to live weather conditions, forecasts and severe weather warnings for all US zip codes.
Location based browsing application Search discovery,geo,location,mobile,search, Cynapse, the makers of iPhone app Localscope, is a company that makes enterprise collaboration software. Localscope is a data powered GPS tool that acts as a location browser for mobile phones. Localscope lets users find people and places nearby using geo-tagged information from multiple local search engines, social networks and media sharing services. The Localscope API allows the service to be launched from other apps. The API supports both discover and search modes.i
Adobe web service for creating color themes Other design, From their site: kuler is all about color and inspiration: explore, create, and share color themes.
Photo album retrieval service Photos golf,photo,social, The Glen Abbey Golf Club is a Canadian golf club that is open to both ClubLink members and public golfers. Their website hosts a photo album, which is programmatically accessible via SOAP API. The Photo Album API enables users to load all or some of the images from the photo album onto their own websites.
Cloud based OCR (optical character recognition) service Utility ocr,tools,utility, OCR Cloud 2.0 API provides Optical Character Recognition (OCR) functionality on demand using the award-winning ABBYY OCR engine on the back-end, providing superior recognition for even low-quality images such as images from mobile phone cameras. Multi-lingual recognition in over 100 languages as well as barcode recognition is supported. The API can convert images in multiple formats (PDF/TIF/PNG/JPG) containing text into editable searchable text-based documents (PDF/TXT/RTF/DOC/XLS/XML/HTML/etc). Full documentation is available at www.wisetrend.com/WiseTREND_Online_OCR_API_v2.0.htm
NY State legislative member information Government government,news,reference, With the NY State Legislature API, you can get lists of New York State Senate and Assembly members, as well as member details and committee information. Vote data will be added in a later release.
Rental property management service Real Estate realestate,rental, The service provides functions for managing rental properties, including attracting tenants and completing lease agreements, ongoing rent collection and financial accounting, maintenance management, and related functions. It provides interfaces and web service controls for describing rental units and managing tenant records. Materials in multiple languages allow the service to adapt to varying environments.  API methods support creating and updating sales lead and customer records to attract new tenants and leasing functions to support move-in. Methods support booking accounts receivable transactions and other accounting functions, creating and updating records for properties offered for rent, and tracking maintenance and vendor interactions to keep properties in good repair.
Bulk SMS messaging service Messaging Global,messaging,sms,telephony,uk, The FreebieSMS API gives users access to the SMS gateway. FreebieSMS offers bulk SMS provision to businesses who need to send SMS messages automatically. The service is available in 22 countries. The API allows users to look up their remaining credits, send SMS and make a phone call. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Photo sharing and filtering platform Photos effects,Filters,mobile,photo,upload, Photo sharing mobile application picplz has a new API that has entered beta. The service provides read/write access to the picplz platform for sharing and editing photos. Developers can upload photos and use filter effects including &quot;Instant Film,&quot; &quot;Russian Toy Camera,&quot; &quot;the 70s&quot; and &quot;High Contrast Monochrome.&quot; The API also provides read access to others&#039; photos. Like its mobile apps, the API likely lets you add a caption and tag your location.
Location sharing service Recommendations europe,location,mapping,places,recommendations,social, Europe&#039;s #1 location sharing site has an API. Search places, retrieve reviews and write reviews. Access a list of nearby places that your friends like.
Bookmarking application Bookmarks bookmarks,search,sharing,social, Kippt is a bookmarking application that users can use to save web files. Users can organize their bookmarks, search them, and share them with other people.   The Kippt API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Kippt with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving lists of bookmarks, and searching lists and bookmarks.
SMS service Messaging Global,messaging,sms,telephony, SendBulkSMS provides tiered service plans for sending and receiving both individual and bulk SMS messages. Features supported by SendBulkSMS include SMS delivery in over 200 countries, number validation, customizable sender identities, address book integration, delayed sending, templates, and contact management.  Their API lets developers integrate their systems with SendBulkSMS&#039;s services, allowing programmatic sending, receiving, and scheduling of SMS messages. The API also exposes functionality for checking account balances and managing contacts. This web service is available via HTTP, SOAP, and SMPP.
Local recommendations service Recommendations local,recommendations,social, GigPark is a local business recommendation service where you can see places your friends suggest. From real estate agents and lawyers, to hairdressers and chiropractors, the GigPark community helps you find the best service businesses near you. The GigPark API makes some of this recommendation data available to developers. Retrieve individual business, user and recommendation data, returned as developer-friendly JSON.
Business licenses and permits search service Tools business,government,licenses,permits,tools, The Small Business Administration (SBA) strives to act as an engine of opportunity and economic growth in America by providing a variety of programs and support services for both current and prospective small business owners.  The Business License and Permit search tool provides developers with a RESTful interface to access a list of federal, state, and local permits, licenses, and registration forms that are needed to legally operate a small business. The search tool will return specific local licenses and permits when available, and will otherwise provide users with the URL&#039;s to the websites of official local governmental agencies. Users can search by any combination of category, state, business type, city, or ZIP code to receive data in XML or JSON formats.
Online content monetization service Advertising advertising,affiliate,enterprise,monetization,shopping, Affiliate Spice is a technology that helps affiliates monetize online content. The Affiliate Spice toolkit provides tools for creating content units across multiple affiliate networks and tools for automatically converting links into affiliate links. The technology is available as JavaScript widgets and as a RESTful API.  The Affiliate Spice API allows developers to use the technology in their own applications such as in web apps, mobile apps, Android apps, iPhone apps and iPad apps. Affiliates can quickly build links inside their own application or website to thousands of advertisers and millions of products via the API. 
Phone number data tools Tools contacts,geo,phone,tools, Melissa Data creates data quality and address management solutions for websites and businesses. Their services standardize, verify, and enhance global contact data, including Melissa Data creates data quality and address management solutions for websites and businesses. Their services standardize, verify, and enhance global contact data, including addresses, phone numbers and email addresses. The Melissa Data Phone Object  API allows customer applications to parse and validate a 7-digit or 10-digit phone numbers. Additional supported functions include identifying phone numbers as land lines, wirerless, or VOIP, distinguishing between residential and business numbers, and adding area code based geographic data. 
Real time international stock quotes Financial financial,stocks, The Global RealTime Stock Quotes web service provides real-time stock quotes for equities listed on international exchanges in several Scandinavian countries. Data returned includes name, ticker symbol, date, time, closing price and more. The API uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are in XML. 
Portland metropolitan area GIS data Mapping geocoding,gis,mapping,oregon, The Regional Land Information System (RLIS) is a GIS dataset from Oregon Metro, the elected regional government for the Portland metropolitan area. RLIS delivers more than 100 GIS map layers for the region.  Oregon Metro exposes the RLIS data through a RESTful API intended for regional developers in need of geocoding functionality or data describing a given address. The API has two modes: locate and query. Accepted input types include addresses, intersections, POIs, taxlot IDs, zipcodes, and coordinates. The API returns JSON or XML formatted responses. 
Twitter search service Social Data,insights,metrics,social,Twitter, As the only Twitter partner certified as both a data reseller and an analytics provider, Topsy APIs give you access to any and all social conversations, in their entirety or summarizeda??whether theya??re happening right now or multiple years ago. 
Australian vacation/holiday property web service Travel Australia,hotel,reservations,travel, The service profiles and facilitates reservations for vacation/holiday accommodations in Australia. It gives access to information on nearly 40 properties in some 1400 Australian locations. Applications can integrate with the service to retrieve information supplied by property owners and book customer reservations.  API methods support property search by type and location. Property lists are available by name, state, region, or country. Methods also support booking reservations with affiliate properties.
Music search and lookup service Music music,social, Spotify allows you to share songs and playlists with friends, and work together on collaborative playlists. With Spotify Metadata API, you can explore Spotify&#039;s music catalog in two ways: search and lookup. You will be able to use the Metadata API to search for tracks, albums and artists.
Blogging platform Blogging blog,deadpool, NOTE: This API is no longer active and was retired from AOL in September 2008. The AOL Journals - Open Blog API was an implementation of the Atom Publishing Protocol (APP). The API allowed for full creation, deletion, retrieval, and updates of blogs, entries, and comments. It is integrated with the RSS/Atom feed services provided by the blog platform.
Web App Building Blocks Database paas,sbweb, BlankSlate is a platform as a service with a complete set of building blocks accessed by API that you can use to make all kinds of web applications.
Daily Stock Price lookup service Financial finance,stock, Stocklytics provides stock market data of all sorts, from ticker symbol quotes with charts, to news and even Twitter results about the particular stock. The three major US markets are supported: NASDAQ, AMEX and NYSE.  The Intraday Historical Prices API allows users to get a list of the price for a particular stock for the current day (or the latest day of trading if markets are closed) in 5 minute intervals. With this data, users can generate intraday stock graphs, or perform stock analysis in near real-time. Data for this API is updated every 5 minutes. The Stocklytics API makes the Stocklytics data available as a RESTful API with JSON and CSV output.
Online photo and video sharing service Media Management media,photo,video, ImageShack offers image hosting, free photo sharing and video sharing. The ImageShack platform allows integration of ImageShack&#039;s services into any website or software via the use of its XML API.
Sentiment analysis service Tools analysis,emotion,sentiment,text,tools, SentiRate is a service that offers sentiment analysis of emotion or attitude from written digital content, such as email, forms, documents, and blogposts.   The SentiRate API allows developers to access the functionality of SentiRate for integration with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving sentiment analysis text, managing sentiment analysis, and returning how many API requests are left.
Content Management and Publishing Service Utility affiliate,url-shortener,utility, Relink allows users to collect, manage, and publish the content they have on the web. The service includes a URL shortener and access to Web Containers. The API contains tools to encrypt, check the status or uploads, container linking, bank checks, merge relinks, and other services. The service uses REST calls. 
Real estate transaction management service Real Estate realestate,transactions, TransactionPoint is a real estate transaction management platform that helps manage the documents, contacts, service orders, and tasks involved in a real estate transaction. To this end, it provides advanced automation, a secure document repository, and a comprehensive audit trail that tracks tasks, documents, faxes, and emails for a complete history of the transaction. TransactionPoint can be accessed anytime, anywhere via web interface. Users may also create and update transactions via SOAP API.
CDN platform  Utility CDN,internet,security,utility, Fastly is a CDN platform that allows users to manage their website architecture. Fastly offers analytics, reports, caching, and purging features.   The Fastly API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Fastly with other applications and websites. Some example API methods include managing cache settings, managing customer and account information, and retrieving analytics and statistics. 
Plazes adds physical presence to the web. The Plazes website automatically detects your location and connects you to people and places nearby. See people in your area, discover other locations and follow the whereabouts of your friends. null mapping, Plazes adds physical presence to the web. The Plazes website automatically detects your location and connects you to people and places nearby. See people in your area, discover other locations and follow the whereabouts of your friends.
Social network from Google Social opensocial,social, Note: As of November 2007 this API is in limited beta in a sandbox mode only. From their site: An Orkut application is comprised of several parts, all of which combine to form a structured user experience: Application Directory, Directory Listing, My Applications, Left Navbar Link, Canvas View, Showcase View, Friend Updates.
Photo and video uploading service Social photo,social,video, Pikchur is a service that updates social networks/micro-blogging platforms with pictures & videos. Users can upload content using a computer, cell phone, or any other mobile device and Pikchur will distribute them over the social web. The Pikchur API is a RESTful service that allows users to interact with the service in order to perform tasks such as authentication, posting and creating data feeds.
Payment platform Payment merchant,payment, InterSwitch is an integrated payment and transaction processing company based out of Nigeria. InterSwitch provides advisory services, technology integration, transaction processing and payment infrastructure to government, banks and corporate organizations.   InterSwitch Connect is a payment platform for developers and merchants. The platform aims to make it easy for developers to get started with integration and provides tools for creating payment related products and solutions. The InterSwitch Connect platform offers REST APIs for their QuickPAY, Autopay and Loyalty services. The QuickTeller API allows Merchants to make payment on the QuickTeller platform and is available Interswitch Partners. The Autopay service enables mass payments to multiple recipients or beneficiaries. The loyalty API enables consumers to track and manage Reward Money balances and transactions. 
Blog ranking service Blogging blog,ranking, IZEARanks provides a blog ranking algorithm and a means to compare blogs. The service claims to use actual traffic, rather than estimates.
Font store Reference design,fonts,reference,webdesign, MyFonts is an online font store offering 90,000 fonts for sale. Customers can search for fonts by tag, designer, and other factors. The MyFonts SOAP API allows users to integrate the MyFonts searching and purchasing functionalities with third-party clients.
Coupons, deals and price comparison service Shopping comparison,coupons,deals,shopping, Pricecut helps users save money by showing coupons, deals and price comparisons based on stores and products they browse. The API is white-labeled and can be used to show coupons, offers, deals and product offers on any platform, toolbar or website. Backed by an affiliate platform, publishers can monetize their traffic and earn up to 80% rev-share. Public documentation for the API is not available.  
Service for sending real gifts on Facebook Shopping gifts,shopping,social, Use the RealGifts API to send real gifts to friends on Facebook. Developers have monetization opportunities when gifts are sent. Features of the API include built-in transactions, coupons, promotions, customer service, and more. Users who send the gifts do not need to know their recipient&#039;s address, plus they can choose from name brand gifts.
Russian software development forum administration service Social code,forum,programming,russia,social, RSDN is a Russian website devoted to software development. It was created by programmers for programmers in order to compensate for the lack of materials on programming available in Russian. RSDN offers articles on a variety of topics, questions and answers, utilities, and ready-made components. The site also provides forums on which visitors may post their programming-related questions for others to view and reply to.  The RSDN Janus API enables users to synchronize forums, post to the forums, and pull up forum topics. This service employs SOAP calls issued in XML format. The RSDN website and API documentation are provided exclusively in Russian.
Aerial photography and mapping service Mapping mapping,mobile,photo,uk, Note: Sign-up is required to view developer documentation. From their site: The GetMapping Imagery API for mobile devices will give developers access to Getmapping?s complete archive of aerial photography of Britain, at a variety of zoom levels up to 12.5 cms per pixel. Because of the increased clarity provided by the photography, mobile users will be able to see details on the ground as small as garden furniture and road markings anywhere in the country. 
Postal address verification service Security postal,security, Utilize this XML Web Service to return a certified deliverable address. CDYNE Postal Address Verification helps prevent spelling and formatting errors by enforcing address standardization during entry. The service returns Latitude/Longitude, ZIP+4, Bar Code information, District Type, Time Zone, Census Block and more.  The service can be programmed to clean customer lists by scheduling periodic scrubbing or maintaining integrity at point of entry, providing unparalleled accuracy in gathering and maintaining address data. Efficiency of route sales and delivery planners can be increased by correctly identifying map coordinates (using latitude and longitude data) that can be fed into driverse GPS Navigation Systems.  CheckAddress, CheckAddressW2lines and AdvancedCheckAddress are the most commonly used functions. International address verification is also available. This API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Flight booking service Travel booking,flight,travel, Belair is an online travel portal that allows business partners to book and sell their own airline e-tickets on a self branded site. Partners can access all of Belair&#039;s travel products and offer all airfares and tariffs on all international, domestic and LCC airlines with or without discounts on flights. The API lets partners get real-time inventory and pricing from the airlines within a white label site. Full documentation is not publicly avaialble.
Historical stock service Financial business,finance,history,stocks, Provides historical quotes for all US and Canadian stocks, indices, mutual funds, OTC bulletin board issues, and other securities. Prices are fully adjusted for splits, dividends and other corporate actions. Data on both living and dead issues is available. The API also provides access to non-price data such as short interest, shares outstanding, earnings per share and more.
Motorsports events and calendar service Sports cars,events,sbweb,sports, MotorsportReg.com is a membership management and event registration service for motorsport driving and social events organized by motorsport clubs, racetracks and sanctioning bodies in North America. We make it easier and more fun for organizers to manage events by automating tasks, improving accuracy and saving time.  Events include autocross, driving schools, HPDE, club races, test days and rallies organized by groups like the SCCA, BMW CCA, PCA, Audi Club, Miller Motorsports Park and Circuit of the Americas. 
Online survey service Tools surveys,tools, QuestionPro is an online survey service that allows users to create surveys, collect responses from survey participants, and  analyze the results of the survey.   The QuestionPro API allows developers to integrate QuestionPro&#039;s functionality into other applications. The API allows users to retrieve survey information and response data. The API also allows for sending surveys out to specified survey groups.
Mapping services Mapping deadpool,display,mapping,viewer, Yahoo Maps API offers three ways to integrate maps into a website - a simple REST-based API for map images, an Ajax JavaScript API, and a Flash API. This summary refers to the AJAX API which is closest to Google and Microsoft models.   The Yahoo! AJAX Maps API lets developers add maps to their web sites using DHTML and JavaScript. Maps are fully embeddable and scriptable using the JavaScript programming language. Yahoo! Maps AS-Flash API&#039;s built-in geocoder means that developers can specify a physical address or latitude/longitude coordinates for a map&#039;s location, as needed. The Yahoo Map API can also provide for integrating geo-related information from Yahoo&#039;s products, such as local listings, traffic, weather, events, and photos. The functionality of the Maps API can be further extended to consume any other API.
Investment database provide Financial financial,forex,Futures,invest,investments,stocks, Fundpeak is an investment database provider focusing on managed futures and forex and impact investing. Users can customize and personalize the data they want and run performance reports on investments and funds.   The Fundpeak API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Fundpeak with other applications. The  API provides access to individual fields, statistics, portfolios, and charts. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email info@fundpeak.com for API access. 
An auto-tagging service that allows sites to add their own tag clouds. null search, An auto-tagging service that allows sites to add their own tag clouds.
Maritime cargo vessel tracking service Shipping energy,shipping,tracking, Market Intelligence Network is a geospatial tool that displays and analyzes IHS (Information Handling Services) vessel movement data. It can track global vessel positions live and assess voyage destination and port calling data. This enables users to visualize the flow of oil products, coal, LPG (Liquefied Petroleum Gas), chemicals, methanol, and LNG (Liquefied Natural Gas) between regions and ports. For specific voyages, users can set up real-time alerts to monitor vessel availability and receive an alert as soon as a planned cargo sets sail. Market Intelligence Network also provides vessel movement histories, vessel characteristics and photos, fixtures data, port data, and customized reporting by vessel and port.
Gift giving service for applications Shopping gifts,local,retail,shopping,social, Yiftee is a gift giving application. Yiftee offers users to ability to send local gifts via applications to friends, family, colleagues, and others.  The GiftUp API by Yiftee API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Yiftee with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact Yiftee for more information. 
Social bookmarking Bookmarks bookmarks,social, From their site: del.icio.us is a social bookmarking website -- the primary use of del.icio.us is to store your bookmarks online, which allows you to access the same bookmarks from any computer and add bookmarks from anywhere, too. On del.icio.us, you can use tags to organize and remember your bookmarks, which is a much more flexible system than folders.   The API provides read/write access to Delicious bookmarks and tags via an HTTP-based interface. The RESTful API returns responses in XML.
Calendar service Calendar calendar,events, 30 Boxes is a calendaring service that allows you to organize your life, then share it with friends. You can also keep track of friends&#039; calendars. 30 Boxes interfaces with Flickr, Livejournal, Blogger, among others. 30 Boxes also supports SMS and e-mail notifications.
Online document viewer service Tools documents,tools,utility, Adeptol provides an on-demand viewer that supports more than 300 document types which includes Office documents, Open Office, PDF, Images, AutoCAD files etc. The RESTful API allows users to link documents from their website to the Adeptol server or to embed the viewer within their own websites.
Web site information and traffic data Search internet,search,SEO, The Alexa Web Information Service makes Alexa&#039;s repository of information about the traffic and structure of the web available to developers.
Online recurring payments service Payment payment,sbweb,shopping, Chargify is an online payment service featuring recurring billing. The Chargify API allows developers to integrate the service into their application or website easily, featuring a RESTful interface.
Live video streaming service Video live,video, Obtain live video streams and show them in your app. Access the streaming servers to locate those broadcasting on Yahoo! Live, and see data about the streams, such as the broadcaster and viewers. Those with webcams can be part of the broadcast as coviewers, so you can programmatically access coviewer data, too.
Content Sharing Service Social social, Flattr is a service that allows people to &#039;flattr&#039; things to donate money to the person who created that &#039;thing&#039;, and to create content that others can &#039;flattr&#039; in order to receive money. The Flattr API uses JavaScript to allow developers to integrate Flatter functions into their own websites and blogs. Specifically, the Flattr API is for the creation of the Flattr buttons that allow other users to &#039;flattr&#039; your content.
U.S. military veterans employment service Government employment,government,jobs,veterans, The service from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs provides job and open position listings for access by U.S. military veterans to promote their employment after service. It allows employers to register and post job vacancies for access and applications by veterans seeking work. Integration potential allows other employment services and recruiting platforms to interact with the service, publicize opportunities, attract prospective employees, and process applications.  API methods support posting jobs based on data in existing recruiting or HR systems without duplicate manual entry via the service&#039;s own interface. Methods also support real-time editing existing job postings and updates to lists of an employer&#039;s current opportunities.
Company data provider Enterprise deadpool,enterprise,sales, The Lead411 API provides information about companies and executives. Users are able to display people records including titles and company name. Other details/fields are available with the company search. There are no public docs currently available; users must subscribe for further docs. Lead411 provides data on companies and executives.
News tagging service News news,tags, New York Times has its own set of &quot;controlled meta-data,&quot; which it uses to categorize its stories. The TimesTags API provides access to this meta-data. Use the API to kickstart your own classification system, or to look up tags that can then be used to find stories using the newspaper&#039;s Article Search API.
Cloud email delivery service Email cloud,email, The MessageGears API allows users to integrate Email into their applications. MessageGears provides email delivery solutions that allow companies to send transactional and bulk email. The API has features such as multiple recipient campaigns, message personalization, request level tracking and more. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML. 
API-accessible developer tools Tools address,code,IP,lookup,tools,zip, WickedAPI is a Boston based company that builds API-accessible developer tools. WickedAPI currently provides two services. Wicked Zip provides geographic data for a specified ZIP code. Wicked IP provides geographic data associated with any given IP address. WickedAPI is a RESTful service that returns JSON formatted responses and supports JSONP callbacks. 
Rental property management platform Real Estate management,realestate,rental, Propertyware is asset management software for real estate. It is intended for landlords, fee managers, and REO asset managers. The software comes in different packages for different sized operations. All of its features enable aforementioned parties to manage their portfolio, payments, and prospects. It also has in-built capacities to integrate with QuickBooks, Outlook, and Google Sync. The Propertyware API is available only Enterprise subscribers. It exposes integrative and developmental functionalities. 
Spanish bookmarking and directory service Search bookmarks,directory,search,spain,Spanish, Spanish-language service headquartered in Madrid provides bookmarking and networking directory functions. Entries may include customer reviews and suggestions.   API methods support search against a bookmark list, updating site listings, user data and check-ins, activity streams, and related functions. Also handles associated special deal offers and multimedia display elements.  
Enterprise level vehicle routing Mapping enterprise,mapping,route, HERE is a map provider whose maps can be found in car navigation systems, smartphones, and on the web. HERE offers developer access to a variety of map data and functionality through a series of REST APIs. The HERE Enterprise Routing API provides developer access to vehicle routing based on intelligent routing algorithms and embedded map attributes. The API delivers precise instructions, estimated time of arrival, and/or optimized routes tailored for different environments. The API supports enterprise-oriented use cases by leveraging HERE Map content such as real-time and historical traffic, and truck data.
Social footprint sharing service Social blog,deadpool,social, MyBlogLog was a way to engage with the users of your site. You could install the sidebar and invite people to join. Then you could see who visits your site, or any other site with MyBlogLog installed.  The API was used to query the MyBlogLog social network and pull meta-data associated with user and site profiles. Developers could access the MyBlogLog data programmatically.  Yahoo shut down the service in May 2011.
eBay notification management service Messaging management,messaging,notifications,realtime, The eBay Notification API makes it possible for applications to receive notifications for events that occur on eBay. Notifications are triggered by events such as when a listing ends or the creation of a transaction. The API lets users manage their notification preferences for applications and other users. It uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
WHOIS record lookup service Internet domain,internet,whois, RoboWhois is a cloud-based service that provides a RESTful API to access WHOIS records and domain related information with a unified, consistent interface. Developers can use the API to lookup WHOIS information for a domain and retrieve the WHOIS record; access WHOIS data using a consistent, well-structured, HTTP-based interface; retrieve WHOIS details parsed as convenient JSON structure. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Satellite data archive Science archive,Data,satellite,science, The Alaska Satellite Facility (ASF) is one of eight Distributed Active Archive Centers (DAAC) which provide data to the NASA Earth Science Data and Information System (ESDIS). ASF&#039;s DAAC is the synthetic aperture radar (SAR) Data Center specializing in SAR data collection, processing, archiving, and distribution. An API allows access to the SAR Data Center archive using POST and GET protocols.
Document management and e-signature service Enterprise contract,enterprise,esignature,office,sbweb,workflow, The EchoSign Document API allows third parties to integrate EchoSign&#039;s functionality into their own applications. If you or your users generate documents and contracts that need electronic signatures, this API can integrate into your document flow to improve the sending, tracking, and filing process.
Social content sharing and discussion Social deadpool,social, Cliqset is a social web service that helps users share and discover content and discuss it with other users. The RESTful API allows developers to create accounts, edit profiles, monitor real-time comments and more. Responses may be formatted in either XML or JSON.
Australian postal service Shipping Australia,postal,shipping, The service provides postal delivery to locations in Australia. Integrations are available to review and specify delivery options, calculate postage cost, and complete payment for delivered purchases.  API methods support listing and specification for available delivery services, based on the sender and recipient location with address validation, delivery date and time, and other specifications. Methods also support calculation of shipping cost based on options chosen. The SecurePay API manages collection of funds for purchases and payment to the sender.
Stock market data service Financial deadpool,finance,stocks, Stock Market Data offers an API that lets users view a snapshot of the latest stock market data in various Web 2.0 formats such as JSON, RSS, ATOM, MDDL (Market Data Definition Language - XML for Market Data) and CSV. Currently SMDAPI supports NASDAQ Stock Exchange, New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange, India (NSE). The API uses RESTful calls.
Real estate marketing service Real Estate marketing,messaging,qr,realestate, The Home Zone seeks to provide its customers with simple, effective, and affordable online real estate marketing services. It&#039;s services include talking virtual tours (via text-to-speech or voice recordings), two-way texting, lead generation avenues, QR codes, property videos, and more. Most of The Home Zone&#039;s products and services can be set up quickly, and live support and training are available.  The Home Zone&#039;s SOAP API allows users to retrieve individual pages, feed sources and submissions, online tour URLs, information on specific agencies, and time zone and weather data by zip code.
Local public directory Reference community,deadpool,directory,local,reference, CityGroups is a searchable public directory that allows community organizers and residents to find community groups by location and topic. CityGroups helps connect and publicize these groups by working with local community groups, governments and local technologists to make an open platform for finding and recommending groups working to make cities better.  The directory uses a simple data standard that allows humans and computers to import and export data from the system. Data can be imported using CSV and an API is available that allows for export using JSON. Developers can use this data to build new services on top of the group listings, such as a map, a text-message service, or group-to-group notification system.
Mobile advertising network Advertising advertising,mobile, Vserv.mobi is a leading mobile advertising network that offers Mobile App and Mobile Web advertising for mobile developers, publishers and advertisers. Vserv provides an HTTP based API to application developers to fetch ads to be rendered within mobile applications or on properties like wap pages. Response formats are either an image or text.
Securities Trading Service Financial financial,money,realtime,stocks,trading, The Just2Trade API allows clients of Just2Trade to integrate their own trading interface with Just2Trade&#039;s online order entry system. This remote capacity provides the same functionality as the web based service but allows users to customize the other aspects of their system i.e. market feeds, stock quote services.  The API uses the FIX protocol and returns JSON. Only clients with a fully funded Just2Trade account have access to the API. 
Recruiting and job search tools Job Search jobs,recruiting, This API allows users to publish job ads to the Monster.com job search and placement service. Users interact with BGW by sending SOAP messages over HTTPS.  Monster service includings job seeking, career management, recruitment and talent management products and services.
Social network and collaborative platform for educators Education education,social, Edmodo acts as a social network for educators and students, providing a secure environment to connect and collaborate, access homework and grades, share content, and engage in class discussions. Edmodo Platform provides independent developers and digital publishers access to the sitea??s suite of features, with the goal of developing an evolving catalog of apps and enabling deeper and broader functionality within the Edmodo platform. 
American football draft rankings Sports fantasy,football,sports, From their site: API for draft rankings from FantasyFootballNerd.com. Want to add some fantasy football content? The Nerd offers 2 different integration options to add our fantasy football content to your website. Quick and easy: Javascript integration; simply add our quick Javascript snippet to any page in your site to show our fantasy football content. Experts: XML integration; for those with a little more technical know-how, you can utilize our XML API within your fantasy football applications, mash it up, create your own Nerd database, or whatever other creative idea you have. Create an account to view instructions. 
Information genome platform Database contacts,Data,database,education, Inome is a platform that looks to make information person-centric. Their INXSearch binds a users to a corresponding profile in inome and returns enriched user information. Developers can use the API to create applications built on information genomes that help people connect with each other, control their publicly available information, and make informed decisions. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Search engine optimization services Search analytics,sbweb,search,SEO, SEOmoz provides companies around the world with consulting, Internet marketing and search engine optimization services. Our goal is to provide a high level of service and education to businesses, individuals, non-profits and government organizations so they can best leverage the unique reach of the Internet to increase visibility and achieve success.  The SEOmoz Site Intelligence Service API provides an interface to working with SEOmoz tools and data, allowing developers to retrieve information programmatically and make use of such data in their own applications.
Italian open government data Government government,italy, CKAN is the Comprehensive Knowledge Archive Network, a non-profit registry of open data. CKAN prepares data and provides access to data in ways that make that data more discoverable and usable.   The government of Italy makes some datasets available through CKAN, including data on immigration; real-time parking in the city of Turin; National Energy Balance; tourist accommodations in various cities; Italian state schools; museums; and more.   The CKAN API provides access to this data. The API is RESTful and returns responses in JSON and JSONP.
Remote media company Job Search collaboration,job-search,jobs,media, Gloomshade is a remote media company that provides a variety of services supporting freelance digital artists. The Gloomshade API provides a RESTful interface for members and partner organizations to directly access Gloomshadea??s systems.
Dropcash allows you to setup campaigns to raise money (charity, a trip, gift, etc). Service uses TypeKey for user management and PayPal for handling your funds. null charity,payment, Dropcash allows you to setup campaigns to raise money (charity, a trip, gift, etc). Service uses TypeKey for user management and PayPal for handling your funds.
Chatbot community Chat ai,chat,robots, Pandorabots is the largest chatbot community on the internet with over 160,000 registered bot masters having created more than 200,000 pandorabots (&quot;chatbots&quot;) in multiple languages. Pandorabots appear on web pages, in instant messaging, and respond to email and forum posts. They can be found in Second Life, in online games, and in social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. Increasingly pandorabots are turning up in mobile applications and texting. Pandorabots support marketing and advertising and are used in education.   Pandorabots has an XML-RPC API for connecting third-party software to the bot hosting service. The API can be used to conenct Pandorabots to many third-party applications, including Mified, mIRC, Second Life and Flash. Developers interested in more information can contact sales@pandorabots.com.
Direct debiting service Payment debit,payment,shopping, SmartDebit provides direct debiting services for businesses and companies to accept debit payments on websites for bill payment, service payment, or for recurring product orders.   The SmartDebit Direct Debit API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SmartDebit into other applications and sites. Example API methods include creating and managing debits and set ups and accessing other account information. Public documentation is not available. Those interested should email sales@smartdebit.com for more information.
Geocoding Mapping api,forward,geocoding,mapping,reverse, GeocodeFarm is the leading provider of Geocoding services. We take care of the process of turning human readable addresses into computer and map understandable coordinates. You can then use the coordinates we provide to place markers or position maps such as &quot;Google Maps&quot; or &quot;Bing Maps&quot;.  This service is provided FOR FREE with slight limitations. To remove limitations you can always upgrade or register for one of our paid plans instead. All plans are price affordably and you won&#039;t find a better price anywhere for the amount of queries, accuracy, and formats provided.  Data is available in a multitude of formats. For individual addresses, you can manually use the Web Service. We provide an API for automated use with your systems, which is a standard REST based API that is available in 2 formats. It can return results in either JSON or XML, which is your choice.
Taxi Fare Estimate Service Transportation cost,taxi,transportation,travel, TaxiMe is a cost estimate service that uses Google Maps to calculate cab fare. The site is based in Canada but provides cost and trip information for major U.S. cities. The TaxiMe API allows users to get cab contacts and rates for different cities. The services uses REST calls and returns JSON. 
Website monitoring Internet internet,monitoring, Site24x7 provides a website monitoring service for users. The Site24x7 API allows developers to integrate the services with their site. Features include the ability to add/modify monitors into Site24x7, obtain time graphs, obtain uptime and performance reports, and more.
Social networking support service Social deadpool,finland,messaging,sms,social, The service creates a platform for social media applications serving the user base in the Otaniemi area of Finland and the Aalto University. Part of the university&#039;s OtaSizzle project, the service provides functions like user profiles, groups, and SMS/texting along with other social messaging channels. The API gives application-level access to the functionality of the network&#039;s own interface plus capacity for adding new applications.  API methods support managing individual profiles, including contact information, access by other users, and search-based access. Methods also support formation and management of user groups, channels for messaging between individuals, and integration of SMS/text messaging. A search method enables queries against group and messaging data within the system.
Social network service Social opensocial,social, From their site: hi5 is a global brand for young people, where over 50 million members have established accounts and personal pages. We have a full SOAP API, and even a few REST endpoints.
Database of spam blogs Blog Search blog,search, From their site: The SplogSpot API enables you to integrate the power of SplogSpot database into your custom application. It provides a simple interface that you can query, results being returned in the XML format. 
Email analytics service Email analytics,email,webhooks, SendGrid&#039;s cloud-based email helps keep emails out of spam folders, provides a cloud service that scales with email demands, and provides email analytics to track opens and clicks.  The Event API uses hooks to send real-time notifications of email events such as click, open, bounce, delivered, dropped, spam report, etc. to a specified URL. It can be integrated with the SMTP API for notifications on other custom parameters used on an email campaign. The information collected on the log server can then be pulled and manipulated by the user. Data can also be received via HTTP POST for each event or a batch of events in JSON format.
Australian cloud hosting and storage service Storage Australia,cloud,hosting,storage, The service is described as an Australian alternative to Amazon AWS. It provides a platform for application hosting and online data storage in the cloud, with capabilities for virtual server installations and shared file repositories. Cloud Compute functionality includes establishing and configuring a virtual machine, then installing and managing software using those resources. Cloud Storage functionality includes creating storage structures, setting access permissions, and uploading, replacing, and deleting files.  API methods support creating and configuring virtual machines and managing applications running on those platforms. Methods also support establishing storage locations and access criteria, with full create-retrieve-update-delete (CRUD) controls. The API gives complete control of descriptive metadata assigned and maintained for all resources on the platform.
Restaurant, bar, and club dress code directory Entertainment clothing,entertainment,Fashion,restaurant, Dress Code Finder is an online directory of restaurant, bar, and club dress codes for over 70,000 establishments in the US. Dress Code Finder returns information about how casual or fancy dress codes are.  The Dress Code Finder API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Dress Code Finder with other applications. Some example API methods include searching dress codes by keywords, searching dress codes by location, and returning dress code details. 
Multi party video chat Chat chat,video, OpenTok is a free set of APIs from TokBox that enables websites to weave live, group video communication into their online experience. TokBox is a web application that allows users to make multi-party video chat calls over the Internet without a download. With OpenTok users can: control size, layout and movement of video streams; stream to multiple pages and sites at once; create both &quot;viewer&quot; and &quot;participant&quot; roles; scale to large gatherings.  The API uses RESTful protocol with responses formatted in XML.
Music services Music music, MP3tunes is a Music Service Provider (MSP) and the home of MP3tunes Locker, the only secure, online music space to feature unlimited listening. With just a couple clicks, Locker users sync up their own music collections to enjoy through any web browser and a growing number of home entertainment and mobile devices.
Twitter customer expereince tracking tool  Social sentiment,social,Twitter, Using a proprietary algorithm, the TweetFeel API computes highly-accurate sentiment for any given keyword on Twitter. Find out how people feel about your brand right now, or get all positive tweets (for showing real-time customer quotes on your site), or all negative ones (for finding customer pain points). 
Data storage and content sharing service Storage media,storage, Use the FilesAnywhere SOAP API (FAWAPI) to get access to your FilesAnywhere account. You can do the following: account login, basic file uploads and downloads, streaming uploads (&quot;AppendChunk&quot; method), view folder contents and create new folders, rename and delete files/folders, copy and move files/folders, view advanced folder properties, create new shares and manage existing ones, and request page images for supported file types.
Blogs by email service Blogging blog,email,sbweb, From their site: FeedBlitz is a service that monitors blogs, RSS feeds and Web URLs to provide greater reach for feed publishers. FeedBlitz takes all the headache out of converting feed and blog updates into email digests, delivered daily to subscribers&#039; inboxes. FeedBlitz manages subscriptions, circulation tracking, testing, and is compatible with all major blogging platforms and services such as Blogger, TypePad and FeedBurner.   The FeedBlitz API enables users to access FeedBlitz features programmatically, allowing innovative new applications based on and including FeedBlitz data and functionality. The API enables comprehensive integration at the data and application layers using a consistent and easy to understand interface.
Handmade product marketplace Shopping shopping, Etsy is an online marketplace for buying and selling handmade things. The Etsy API lets you develop applications built on this fast growing e-commerce platform.
Book search and viewing service Reference books,events,reference, The Random House API can be used to get data about books, authors, works, and events. A &quot;work&quot; is defined as a collection of titles that share the same content identified by a Random House-specific Work ID. Events generally refer to author-related events, such as book signings. This API can be accessed via REST calls using the XML or JSON data formats.
Bioinformatics research database Medical bioinformatics,database,medical, SeqHound: biological sequence and structure database as a platform for bioinformatics research. SeqHound has been developed as an integrated biological sequence, taxonomy, annotation and 3-D structure database system. It provides a high-performance server platform for bioinformatics research in a locally-hosted environment.
File Selling Service Shopping links,monetization,sales,shopping,upload, Breeziee is a file selling service that allows users to upload and sell any file that the user create. The Breeziee API enables users to build applications powered by Breeziee, pull content into other services, or include Breeziee data on external websites. API calls include adding new files, requesting details of files, and searching the directory for other files. 
Text translation service Reference language,reference,text,Translation, The service provides a machine translation of any text from one language to another. It accommodates auto-detection of the input language and specification of the desired output language. The API implements some functions of the underlying web service.  API methods support submitting a text passage with source and destination languages. Returned data provide the machine translated version of the submitted text.
Social media analytics service Social analytics,enterprise,social,statistics, Viralheat is a unified suite for managing, monitoring, and publishing content to social media networks. It provides users with the tools they need to engage with their audience across multiple social networks and to analyze the ROI for effort invested in various forms of social media. Viralheat provides REST APIs that allow developers to publish content directly to social platforms, shorten and share links, analyze public sentiment, determine which leads are most likely to make purchases, and monitor conversations across the social web in real-time from any given application.
Learning assessment service Education education,learning,test, Learnosity is a cloud-based learning assessment toolkit. It enables users to create tests, administer them, and then analyze the results. So far, Learnosity provides 23 different kinds of questions. The service can function on any device or OS located anywhere in the world. Learnosity&#039;s APIs allow users to author, assess, and report on tests. API users can also embed test editors, questions, or reports in other websites or applications. Additional features are in the works.
Semantic intelligence service Security security,semantic,text, Expert System is a leading semantic technology company and developer of Cogito semantic technology. The Cogito Intelligence API can process and analyze data sets and real-time information including documents, web pages and social media data. From this data, meaning and context can be deciphered and evaluated as relevant in terms of intelligence and security.
Daily deals aggregator Shopping coupons,deals,shopping, CityDeals is an online retailer that provides discounts and deals from hundreds of local and national businesses on a daily basis. You can use the their online marketplace to search for deals at businesses in your area.   City Deals offers a RESTful API for retrieving current daily deal information. API methods include deals, divisions, authentication, signup, order, category, and coupon. Responses are returned in JSON or XML formats. An API key is required. 
Cloud based telephony services Telephony cloud,deadpool,india,IVR,telephony, 
Ebook creation service Media Management books,ebooks,publishing, Ebook Glue is a service for creating ePub and Mobipocket ebooks from HTML- and CSS-formatted text in order to make lengthy content easier to read on an iPad, Kindle, Nook, iPhone, or Android device. Ebook Glue also allows users to customize their ebooks with book covers, device-specific optimizations, custom stylesheets, content parsing, and automatic chapter detection.  Ebook Glue offers a simple REST API for performing conversion operations. GET requests allow users to convert web pages, while POST requests allow users to convert a Mobipocket, ePub, or HTML file.
Local search service Search display,local,mapping,places,search, The Yahoo! Local Search APIs give users access to a comprehensive database of information and content in Yahoo! Local ranging from business information to user comments to ratings. Data includes business address and phone, category, rating, distance, URL and traffic alerts. Yahoo! Local makes a great addition to any mashup, bringing in location-based relevancy and the additional context of what real people have experienced in these places.  Version 3 of Yahoo! Local Search adds even more features! Users can now request individual business records by using the Yahoo! Local listing id. Yahoo! supports search categories to help users narrow their queries. Finally, results now return the first few lines of the last user review for each listing. The API uses a RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in either XML, JSON and PHP. 
U.S. business classification information service Government business,enterprise,government,reference, Code for America is a non-partisan organization dedicated to helping government agencies use the internet to promote openness, efficiency, and citizen participation.  The NAICS (North American Industry Classification System) classifies businesses by type and is maintained by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Code for America&#039;s NAICS API is designed to help make the NAICS&#039;s classification system machine-readable and easier to search. This will allow apps that need to understand or collect information about businesses to do so in a way that is compatible with the U.S. government&#039;s framework.
Cloud-based virtual private server Backend backend,cloud,Server, The GleSYS Cloud VPS (Virtual Private Server) is a flexible, scalable, cloud-based server platform. Users are provided with full root access to their servers and can create or delete servers instantly. The Cloud VPS is flexible enough to handle both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses as well as perform server upgrades and downgrades without needing to restart. The cloud server can be accessed programmatically using REST calls in a variety of data formats. The GleSYS website is provided in both English and Swedish.
Store, approve and pay bills online Financial finance,payment,sbweb, Bill.com is designed to help ease the process of bill management and payments. The Bill.com API is design your functionality by building new applications like: Integrate and add new features to your accounting system, Sync information with Bill.com with your accounting package including vendors, accounts, departments, and money movements, Integrate your Accounts Receivable system with Bill.com, and Rebate processing.  
Social networking ping and update service Social internet,social,tools,utility, Ping.fm allows you to post a message to multiple social networks simultaneously. Ping.fm currently supports over 30 social networking sites including Twitter, Facebook, WordPress, Plaxo, FriendFeed, LinkedIn, Bebo, MySpace and Hi5.
Fitness tracking service Sports fitness,goal-setting,health,sports, The BodyMedia FIT system includes a wearable Armband that collects user data points each day and an online Activity Manager where users input their body parameters, set personal goals and log food intake. The API gives developers the ability to interact with the data for users who have granted them access. Developers can then use this data in third party products, applications, and services. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Tools for creating visual knowledge bases Tools cms,sbweb,tools,visualization, ScreenSteps Live gives you everything you need to create visual knowledge base. With ScreenSteps Live you will be able to start adding useful content to your knowledgebase in just a matter of minutes. You will be able to easily expand and update that content in the weeks and months ahead. 
Cloud based advertising platform Advertising advertising,cloud,flash, Flite is a cloud-based ad platform. The Flite API allows developers to integrate custom Flash content into Flite ads. Using the API developers can parameterize custom flash content, define and track events that are not tracked automatically by Flite, orchestrate how content is rendered in a cloud ad, create expandable ads, and add event triggered code. The API uses ActionScript protocol.
Fleet management and tracking service Shipping canada,enterprise,logistics,shipping,transportation, Shaw Tracking provides integrated on-board computing and wireless data services designed to benefit the Canadian transportation, mobile workforce, and logistics industries. One of their fleet management services is the Hours of Service (HOS) web service. It works with an electronic on-board recording system to retrieve driver logs, violations, odometer readings, etc. This information is accessible through a web interface or programmatically using the SOAP-based HOS API.
FIRST Robotics Competition match information Education education,events,technology, FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) hosts a Robotics Competition that is open to high school students around the world. The Blue Alliance is a website the provides archives of FIRST Robotics Competition matches. This includes team information, event results, and videos. The Blue Alliance API provides users with all of the data found on the website.
Web content management platform Internet content,internet,management, Silk is a web content creation and management platform. Users can organize their web content and add features and characteristics to their web pages with Silk functionality.   The Silk API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Silk with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dFlwLXVOOXkzb1N5TDRyRFh0NU01WEE6MQ. 
eBay shopping service Shopping ecommerce,selling,shopping, The eBay Shopping API allows developers can programmatically interact with the eBay website. eBay Shopping Web Services lets developers query eBay for information, and receive data in XML, JSON, or eBay&#039;s Name Value format.   The API allows users to re-created an eBay search without ever going on the eBay site, allowing integration with other applications and interfaces.
Movie Database Service Search media,movies,search, The Open Movie Database API by Brian Fritz is an open database that sources movie information from other movie sites such as IMBD, Rotten Tomatoes, and Wikipedia. Users can access The Open Movie Database API uses REST or JavaScript to allow users to search for a movie title, a valid IMDB ID, year of a movie, or a plot. The service is free to use. 
Global shipping service Shipping shipping,transportation, The service provides parcel, package, and freight delivery via a global network of shipping providers. Applications can integrate package shipping and rate calculations functions to generate shipments along with tracking to report on delivery progress while completed shipments are en route.  API methods allow designation of sender and recipient address, shipment content, expedited delivery options, and related parameters. Methods return shipping rates and process shipments on agreed-upon terms, including label printing, pickup scheduling, and cancellation of scheduled shipments. Methods then allow shipment tracking and delivery status reporting.
Geo-enrichment service Mapping display,location,mapping,places, Yahoo Placemaker is a new &quot;geo-enrichment&quot; platform. The freely-available API enables developers and publishers to make applications and data sets location-aware by determining the &quot;whereness&quot; of unstructured content (such as blog posts, new articles, feeds, and web pages). To use it, developers specify structured and unstructued content; feeds, web pages, news, status articles, etc. Then Placemaker identifies, disambiguates and extracts places. And finally Placemaker returns geographic metadata, which determines the whereness of structured and unstructured content. 
Local programming course finder Education education,local,mapping,programming, Code.org is a non-profit foundation dedicated to spreading computer programming education. On their website, they provide the Local School Search, which allows users to locate schools near a given location that offer programming courses. The database powering this service is accessible programmatically via JSON so that third parties can integrate it into their own applications. Public contact information is listed, but not private contact information.
PS3 game and player information service Games deadpool,games,sharing,social, The service logs and provides access to information about game-play on the PlayStation 3 platform. It allows creation and updating of player profiles and social links among players. It also provides information about games and player history, including trophies gained through game-play over time.   API methods support creating and updating a player profile, with name, avatar, progress levels over time, and trophies won. Methods also allow management of friend links among player profiles and updating of overall player experience for specific games.
Tree planting service Utility deadpool,environment,green,utility, This API lets you plant a tree.  Pass in an email address and we send an ecard to the recipient.  Trees are planted in twelve countries fighting deforestation. Trees cost $1 per tree. Recipients can display their trees on facebook and other popular sites.
Affiliate marketing network Shopping deadpool,shopping, LinkShare gives ecommerce sites a programmable pay-per-action marketing network and patented technology. The Merchandiser Query Tool lets you to run a query against the Merchandiser data for advertisers that you are partnered with. Using a REST-based web service API, this tool allows you to do a full text search for products that match keywords.
Sports feeds service Sports deadpool,sports, The SportsDirect XML Feed service provides multiple feeds for sports schedules, results, live scores and more. SportsDirect brings 15 years of sports industry experience with five-part sports content offering - that includes: Scores and Statistics, Sports News, Fantasy Games, Sports Photos, and Professional Services including application design and development, marketing and hosting. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Real-time crowdsourced weather application Weather crowdsourcing,social,weather,webhooks, Metwit is a real-time, crowdsourced, social weather application. Users can share information about the weather through tags and applications and users can search for weather by location.  The Metwit API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Metwit with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include sending and receiving weather information, retrieving weather information by location, and accessing metatags associated with weather reports. 
Cloud storage platform Storage storage, Mezeo provides a software platform for the deployment of white label cloud storage services that lets service providers quickly enter the cloud storage market. The Cloud Storage Platform API provides programmatic access to the cloud storage services hosted by Mezeo partners.
Sentiment analysis and analytics service Social analytics,enterprise,sentiment,social, Chatterbox Analytics is an analytics company that creates software to help companies engage with their customers through media such as Twitter and Facebook. The company applies analytics to their clients&#039; social data to determine who the core users are.  The multilingual sentiment analysis API from Chatterbox classifies short texts as positive or negative. The system uses statistical models that can detect slang, common misspellings, emoticons, hashtags, etc. within short social messages. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON. 
Application development platform Backend applications,backend,development,location, Topoos offers services for developing location based and context-aware applications. Topoos provides all of the pieces and core features that you need so that you can focus your efforts on creating a great app. Services and features include location and proximity, access to geographic information, user authentication, information storage and more.  Topoos offers a REST API for programmatic access to their services. An API key is required.
Online radio service Music music, The Last.fm API gives users the ability to build programs using Last.fm data, whether on the web, the desktop or mobile devices. The RESTful API allows for read and write access to the full slate of last.fm music data resources - albums, artists, playlists, events, users, and more. It allows users to call methods that respond in either XML or JSON.  
Portal Management Service Portal booking,hotel,portal,reservations, WEBCONpro is a channel manager for the portal maintenance of hotel booking sites. The site facilitates the upkeep of prices, rates, a booking information to help sites remain competitive. The WEBCONpro API enables full customization of the services offered through the multi property online booking system. The service returns XML. 
Web publishing platform Blogging blog,media, From their site: Freewebs is dedicated to ensuring everyone in the world can create a quality multimedia website. For anyone with an Internet connection and something to share, Freewebs provides the toolkit to express their voice on the Web through its versatile publishing platform. To date, Freewebs members have created more than 17 million comprehensive websites including blogs, photos, videos, music, e-commerce and more. Founded in 2001, Freewebs is privately held and based in Silver Spring, MD. 
Geolocation and location-based information services Mapping address,geolocation,gis,mapping,weather, rFocus provides a handful of GIS-related web services to the public free of charge. These are limited in focus, designed mainly to showcase some of the technologies that rFocus has been involved in. They are also available as a resource for anyone who only requires simple geolocation services. The GIS APIs allow users to find the real-world locations of IP addresses, get the GPS locations of physical addresses, perform reverse geocoding, retrieve location-related Wikipedia articles, get the weather for a given location, and track courier packages.
Hong Kong real-time traffic Transportation china,government,hongkong,transit,transportation, Data.One on Hong Kong&#039;s government website, GovHK, provides public sector information, currently for geo-referenced public facility data and real-time traffic data. The traffic data, in the form of traffic speed maps, journey time indicators, and special traffic news, is also available via an API returning responses in XML.
People search on the Web Search deadpool,people,search, Use the Spock API to conduct searches of people. Use the API to programmatically access Spock&#039;s comprehensive index of information about people on the web. Use the text, image, or URL read-only API results to build people-centric web apps. Search for people by name, aliases, or tags.
Weather forecasting service Weather weather, The RestFul Web Services Weather Forecast API provides the weather forecast for a given location, specified by name. This service can be accessed using either REST or SOAP calls in XML format. Both types of calls are aimed at WSDL endpoints.
Blog services Blogging blog,deadpool, MSN Spaces supports the MetaWeblog API programming interface which enables external programs to get and set the text and attributes of Weblog posts. The API uses the XML-RPC protocol for communication between client applications and the Weblog server.
Mobile augmented reality service Other augmented-reality,mobile, Layar is augmented reality application on your mobile phone which shows what is around you by displaying real time digital information on top of reality though the camera of your mobile phone. Content Layers are the equivalent of web pages in normal browsers. A layer is the digital view that is added to the camera view.   The Layar API allows developers to create new layers. A layer consists of three parts: The layer definition, the list of POIs (Points of Interest) and each individual POI.
Open source software directory and community Social OpenSource,social, From their site: Ohloh is an open source network that connects people through the software they create and use. The Ohloh API is a free, REST-based programming interface to the Ohloh open source directory. You can use the Ohloh API to create your own applications and web services based on Ohloh data.
On demand eCommerce platform Shopping ecommerce,shopping, Demandware offers an on-demand ecommerce platform and is the ecommerce foundation of more than 200 ecommerce websites. The Open Commerce APIs let developers build shopping widgets and experiences a?? including transactions a?? external of the native Demandware Commerce platform by allowing outside web applications and enterprise software to interface with all shopping functionality.  Developers can extend enterprise and commerce functionality to Facebook applications, shoppable blogs, mobile and tablet applications, and recommendation widgets. The APIs expose functionality such as product, catalog, search, promotion, customer account, cart and checkout. Full documentation is not publicly available.
SMS messaging service Messaging messaging,sms, The Oventus API provides web services for sending and receiving SMS, requesting location lookups for mobile devices, managing contacts, delivering reports, and other mobile-centric functionality. Oventus enables bulk SMS, multi-channel mass broadcasts, custom voice-messaging, and geo-location services using PageOne&#039;s messaging gateway.  Developers can integrate their applications or devices with Oventus services using REST or SOAP, though their SOAP services provide more functionality.
Mobile tagging service Utility barcode,mobile,qr,utility, The QReate.me API allows users to create tags and access tag images and data directly from an app. QReate.me is an online service and API for generating and using QR and DataMatrix tags. Users can use created tags freely in commercial applications and personal projects. With the API, users can create and update tags, get tag images, list tags and scans for tags and more. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML or JSON.
Cloud content sharing service Storage cloud,social,storage, TappIn is a service that gives users the ability to access and share personal content from anywhere that today is only accessible from within the home. The API lets users list their own folders and those shared by friends, download, upload, move, copy files, directory listings and more. The API uses RESTful protocol. Developers must request full documentation from the provider.
Language translation service Utility language,Translation,utility, From their site: The University Research Program for Google Translate provides researchers, in the field of automatic machine translation, tools to help compare and contrast with, and build on top of, Google&#039;s statistical machine translation system. Participation in the program will allow researchers programmatic access to Google&#039;s translation service. A translation request returns either: A single translation, the highest scoring output of Google Translate As above but with detailed word alignment information A list of the n-best translations with detailed scoring information.  The Google Translate API is now in its second version. 
Lyrics database search service Music lyrics,music, ChartLyrics is a lyrics database sorted by artists or songs. The Lyric API uses either a SOAP or REST interface to allow users and developers to access the database. The API provides 2 functions. SearchLyric to search the available lyrics and GetLyric to retrieve the lyric.
Fraud Detection Service Security Fraud,merchant,screening,security,shopping, The FraudLabs Pro API is a credit card screening engine that check  transactions for online frauds utilizing a wide array of metrics and fraud detection analytics. AN account is required with service, and an API key is required. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON and XML.  Developers and merchants can integrate this fraud screening API in any of their e-commerce websites or shopping carts in order to evaluate high risk orders, reduce chargeback, improves operation efficiency and provides business intelligent. 
Professional football data analysis platform Sports betting,Data,football,models,soccer,sports, StatPlat is a professional football data analysis platform, delivering value added data services to aid clubs, bettors, and media groups. The StatPlat API provides programmatic access to platform content. Data types include information on competitions, fixtures, and team ratings. 
Social network photo dowload tool Tools deadpool, PhotoLive lets users save photos and albums from social networks like Facebook with the click of a button. Users are only allowed to downloand photos that they have permission to view. The PhotoLive API lets users create applications using photolive.js and the PhotoLive object. The API is available to use with a number of websites and uses JavaScript protocol.
USGS ArcGIS mapping service Mapping arcgis,mapping, REST & SOAP webservices for the USGS National Map Viewer. Uses ArcGIS to display data views for areas within the United States. Options include local government units, weather, structures, transportation resources, and topography information. 
Real estate buyer data sharing service Real Estate deadpool,realestate, National Buyer Listing Service is the first national listing service of pre-approved residential real estate buyers. It&#039;s a marketplace where buyers anonymously post their requirements to the web and receive offers from eager sellers. It&#039;s real estate in reverse.   The NationalBLS Partner API allows any real estate website to enhance its offering to consumers by giving access to prospective buyers and their requirements, which is not currently common practice. The API is free to any registered partner of NationalBLS. 
Web font service Other fonts,internet,webdesign, The Google Font API helps developers add web fonts to any web page. The advantages of the Google Font API include: a choice of high quality open source fonts, works in most browsers, and is easy to use. Include this by adding a special stylesheet link to your HTML document, then refer to the font in a CSS style.  A library of fonts is available in the Google Font Directory.  The WebFont Loader is a JavaScript library that gives you more control over font loading than the Google Font API provides. The WebFont Loader also lets you use multiple web-font providers. It was co-developed by Google and TypeKit. 
Sales, inventory, and contact management service Enterprise cloud,contacts,CRM,Inventory,Purchasing,sales, Zootle is an online sales, inventory, and client relationship manager. Zootle can be used for contact management, supply chain management, and online sales.  The Zootle API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Zootle with other applications and websites. Some example API methods include adding content, managing contacts, and retrieving inventory details. 
Sentiment analysis for English text Tools analysis,reviews,sentiment,text,tools, Sentiment Analysis Online is a free web service able to determine the sentiment, or tone, of a given text. The service, accessible through a free API, is able to extract from any English text the emotion or attitude toward a person, organization, product, or location. 
Search engine for data Search database,datasets,deadpool,search, Datafiniti is a search engine for data. Unlike a typical search engine, where a user might search by keywords and are typically looking for a single link to a website, Datafiniti lets users query the entire web as if it were a database. Full documentation is not yet publicly available.
Real estate profile and search service Search neighborhood,realestate,search, The service provides a neighborhood profile for real-estate buyers based on 300 factors related to schools, population demographics, employment, climate, and local features. It allows integration with Multiple Listing System (MLS) property search to allow buyer review of prospective properties.  API methods support submission of a property location and return data about the surrounding neighborhood. Methods allow integration with property displays, both on the web and via mobile device, along with reporting by location.
Political Entity Extraction Service Government extraction,government,money,politics, Feed in a news article, blog post or press release, and Poligraft will present you with an enhanced view of the interconnections between the people, organizations and relationships described in the piece.
Survey creation and management platform  Utility answers,mobile,questions,surveys,tools,utility, SlimSurveys is a survey creation and management service. Users can create mini surveys that can be completed in a short amount of time. SlimSurveys offers features to create different types of surveys, with images and different responses.  The SlimSurveys API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SlimSurveys with other applications and create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: https://slimsurveys.com/developer. 
Programming article search, retrieval, and rating service News news, 27 Seconds is a full-service graphic design and development firm. Knowledge Base is a section of their website that contains snippets of code, links, and general ideas that are useful when programming. Site visitors can view all the contents of Knowledge Base in a list, or they can search Knowledge Base for specific information. 27 Seconds provides a SOAP-based API that allows users to search, retrieve, and rate Knowledge Base articles programmatically.
Dummy text generator Tools text,tools,webdesign, RandomText is a tool designers and developers can use to grab dummy text in either Lorem Ipsum or Giberish format. The API lets developers integrate random text generation into a CMS. The API offers parameters that let the user choose the type and number of elements and number of words. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Community idea generation platform Goal Setting goal-setting,goals,local,social, Neighborland provides neighborhood organizations, economic development groups, municipalities, and residents with a platform to connect, share and gather support for ideas, identify neighborhood goals, and turn ideas into action.  Neighborland invites developers to build apps using their  RESTful API. Responses are JSON formatted 
Mapping tile service Mapping geocoding,geolocation,mapping,mobile, The service provides additions to the OpenStreetMap in the form of map tiles that display information coded to locations so users can discover businesses and other facilities available at particular locations. Sample integrations are available for Google Maps, OpenLayers, and Leaflet. Mobile-aware integrations provide data for mapping applications on iOS and Android devices.  API methods support access to map tiles for locations specified as latitude and longitude for display as layers in mapping applications with control of map size, zoom level, and other variables. Methods adopt familiar Javascript and other formats for compatibility with OpenStreetMap and compliant applications.
Chess match sharing service Games games,pastebin,social, Chess Pastebin is a webservice for sharing the outcome of chess games with friends. As a pastebin, anyone can add documentation of his or her chess game, without logging in or submitted additional personal information. Players simply copy the text documenting all the moves of the chess they wish to share, and plug it into the pastebin. Each move becomes hyperlinked for other users to see the playersa?? positions on the board. The RESTful API exposes the websitea??s game-posting functionality. It will return a unique ID for each game for recall. Developers must request an API key from the site&#039;s manager. 
Website analytics and classification mashup Lionyzer analyzes content, environment, current popularity and other parameters, assigns a grade and provides helpful advice to improve a site.   null analytics,internet, Website analytics and classification mashup Lionyzer analyzes content, environment, current popularity and other parameters, assigns a grade and provides helpful advice to improve a site.  
Web video chat room service Chat chat,communication,deadpool,im,video, The ooVoo service allows free, high resolution, face-to-face video chats with up to 6 people at the same time. It works on your desktop or in your web applications through the ooVoo API.
Mobile wallet application  Payment coupons,ecommerce,mobile,payment,wallet, CloudZync is a mobile wallet provider. CloudZync offers a mobile wallet application that allows users to pay with their mobile and redeem vouchers and coupons at merchants. Merchants can accept CloudZync at their locations and for their services.  The CloudZync API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CloudZync with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here for API access: cloudzync.com/partner/.
Beauty and fashion retailer Shopping Fashion,retail,shopping, ASOS is a global online beauty and fashion retailer. The ASOS API provides RESTful access to the ASOS catalogue including customer shopping basket and wish list functionality. Results are exclusively JSON formatted.
Online payment platform  Payment payment,shopping, PayOnDelivery is an online payment platform for buying and selling items on online marketplaces, such as Craigslist. Users do not pay for items until they are delivered.  The PayOnDelivery API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PayOnDelivery with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here for API access: http://payondelivery.com/apip/joinus.
Issuer Identification Number (IIN) database Financial database,financial,reference, binlist.net provides public access to a database of IIN/BIN information. Issuer Identification Numbers (IINs), formerly called Bank Identification Numbers (BINs), are composed of the first six digits of a credit card number. An IIN can be used to identify a card&#039;s brand, type, category, country of origin, and issuing bank or institution. Users can query the binlist.net database to retrieve this information via REST API.
Shopping recommendation service Shopping analytics,deadpool,recommendations,shopping, Lift Suggest uses shared Google Analytics access to give product recommendations based upon user behavior on your site. The service suggests related products based upon its knowledge of the product or page the user is currently browsing. The Lift Suggest API can be integrated on a product page, category page, search results or shopping cart. You pass one or more SKU numbers to Lift Suggest and the system returns SKUs of recommended products, in either XML or JSON.
Flash based VoIP service Telephony flash,telephony,Voice,VoIP, The Ribbit Phone Component will give Rich internet application developers the ability to make and receive calls, record/send and receive voicemail, as well as add and manage contacts.
Online dictionary Reference Dictionary,reference, The Dictionary Definitions API from STANDS4 uses REST calls to enable you to get dictionary definition information in XML format for a given word. 
Archived internet research service Reference humanities,reference, The WWWoH project is an attempt to establish a possible framework for e-Humanities (also called Digital Humanities) research using available open source tools and technologies and archived web content.  The XML API uses a RESTful interface to give users access to the indexes generated to support Wayback services (i.e. the ability to browse back through time) for these collections.
Twitter advertising service Advertising advertising,Twitter, The 140 Proof API gives users programmatic access to the 140 Proof service. 140 Proof delivers 140 character brand messages postioned directly above the Twitter stream to targeted users based on their interests, using public Twitter data. The API uses RESTful calls and responses can be formatted in either XML, JSON and HTML.
Image recognition and visual search Photos image,photo,recognition,search,visual, CamFind is a visual search and image recognition app. Users take or load a picture and CamFind returns information about captured objects, including what things are, where you can buy them, where similar things are, and more. The app is also able to translate captured text, read QR and barcodes, and share pictures over social networks.  CamFind exposes its backend over a web API. The service allows applications and websites to request images and check responses through simple HTTP calls.
Comic metadata retrieval service Entertainment entertainment,fun, xkcd is a webcomic consisting of non-sequential strips about math, language, programming, and the nature of reality in general. The site provides a RESTful API that uses JSON calls to retrieve files contain comic titles, URLs, post dates, transcripts, and other metadata. This metadata is provided in an easily-parsed, plaintext format.
Social gaming and dating service Dating dating,deadpool,games,location, Like A Little is a website providing a way for users to flirt anonymously. The Like A Little API provides a platform for developers to make games for Like A Little (think the Facebook games). Invite others to play, chat with others, and see where other users are located. The Like A Little API is currently in private beta and is changing based on developer feedback.
E-Currency Payment Service Payment financial,merchant,payment, Penny Currency is a universal electronic payment system that allows customers to make purchases, pay bills, send and receive money payments online. Penny Currency provides a REST API that returns JSON or XML, that enable developers to build custom applications, tools, and services that integrate Penny Currency&#039;s functions, as well as automate payment systems. An account is required with service.
Database of game information Games games, Giant Bomb is the world&#039;s largest editable video game database. The Giant Bomb API lets you access and search across the site&#039;s database of video games, characters, creators and companies. 
Satellite data purchasing service Science astronomy,Earth,science, MODIS (or Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer) is a key data-gathering instrument aboard the Terra and Aqua satellites, which view Earth&#039;s entire surface every 1 to 2 days. From this vantage point, MODIS generates imagery of Earth in 36 spectral bands. This imagery is available for public purchase online. The MODAPS API allows users to search, order, and download certain types of MODIS imagery through a programmable interface.
Social media monitoring Social realtime,social,tools, Filtrbox provides user with real-time social media monitoring. The API offers a RESTful interface over HTTP that enables developers to access and manipulate Filtrbox data. Data formats include JSON and XML.
Mobile billing solutions Payment billing,mobile,payment,phones,sms, PencePay is an online payment and mobile billing platform for merchants.  The PencePay API allows customer applications to integrate mobile billing functionalities. The API supports Premium SMS and Direct Carrier Billing Methods. 
Feed and story retrieval and analysis Internet analytics,deadpool,tools, PostRank uses audience interaction with content to filter and deliver relevant news and information to users. The Data Mining API allows users to to access information by topic, time period, keyword, and engagement. It uses a RESTful interface and responses are returned in either JSON, XML or RSS.
Photo album retrieval service Photos photo, Metropolis Country Club is a private membership club located in White Plains, NY. They offer their members a recently-remodeled clubhouse along with golf, swimming, and tennis facilities. Their website hosts a photo album, which is not available to the general public. The Photo Album API enables users to load all or some of the images from the photo album onto their own websites. This API is accessible via SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Egyptian development company information service Real Estate apartments,egypt,realestate, Palma Resort is a Danish-owned company that builds home and rental properties with modern architectural designs and styles near the Red Sea and in Western Egypt. The Palma Resort website has a SOAP API that can be used to access most of the website&#039;s functions. These include retrieving apartment details, getting recent news, and contacting Palma Resort.
Drug abuse screening tool Medical drugs,medical,quiz,screening, In an effort to connect developers with the tools needed to host and share the Governmenta??s drug abuse research and prevention information, the National Institute on Drug Abuse hosts an API through which they expose their Drug Use Screening Tool. The Drug Use Screening Tool is an interactive multiple-choice quize built to help clinicians identify risky substance use in their adult patients. The API supports GET calls to retrieve questions and results and POST calls to submit answers. The API will return JSONP formatted responses in plain text through HTTP.
SMS integration service Messaging deadpool,messaging,sms, The AbleSMS API allows users to automate the sending and receiving of SMS messages by integrating AbleSMS services directly with the user&#039;s business applications, websites or in-house software.  The SOAP API can be used to delete messages in a SMS inbox, send and retrieve messages, and generate reports on inbox and messaging activity.
Email address validation service Email email,validation, Tarya Technologies is a UK-based web development and programming company. On their website, they provide a handful of simple SOAP APIs that, as of this writing, are free to use. One of these is the ChkMail API, which is designed to determine whether a given email address exists or not.
Telephony service Telephony telephony,Voice, Plum Voice is a provider of telephony platforms that support VoiceXML, speech recognition and text-to-speech.  Developers use the Plum API to create advanced voice applications including IVR, automated phone surveys, and call routing systems.
Mobile operations management service Transportation logistics,mobile,shipping,transportation, PODFather is a cloud based mobile software solution designed for businesses working in logistics, construction, and other field service sectors. An integrated PDA and web-based back office solution allows businesses to manage their operations in real-time.  The PODFather API allows you to fully integrate the PODFather system with existing IT systems. The API is RESTful and uses both CSV and XML file formats. Use the API to create runs, jobs and download completed PODs.
CSS showcases Other design,webdesign, The API provides access to the CSS showcases that are submitted to CSS Mania. It provides search access to various CSS showcases with their screenshots, url, rating, votes, top 5 colors used, and more. 
Automatic alert calls Telephony alerts,calls,telephony,Voice,VoIP, Woopla provides telecommunication solutions for business and residential clients. Services include low cost international calls, SIP/VoIP termination, service numbers, and more. Among its value added services, woopla provides an Alert Call API, allowing applications and web services to execute outgoing voice calls. Woopla creates a customized voice dialogue which is automatically executed when the other side picks up the phone. Suggested uses include PIN queries, phone number verification, and appointment reminders.
Research data sharing and collaboration service Science biology,deadpool,medical,research,science, The service promotes collaboration among researchers in epidemiology by compiling data sets and related resources and making them available for reuse. The site was developed as part of a multidisciplinary European research effort to build tools for forecasting epidemic and public health events. Researchers can upload their own results and download data contributed by others. They can also browse and review background reports and related resources.  API methods support search for specific data objects or for collections of data objects related to a topic. Methods provide retrieval of data objects discovered or construction of tree structures depicting the relationships of documented research. Methods also allow upload, updating, and deleting of a researcher&#039;s own data sets.
Science Reference Research Platform OpenSocial  Reference opensocial,reference,research,science,widget, With SciVerse APIs, developers can build applications that appear alongside full text articles, journal abstracts and search results within the SciVerse Product Suite: ScienceDirect, Scopus and SciVerse Hub.   The SciVerse Applications platform has two major components:   The SciVerse Application Framework utilizes Shindig, an implementation of Open Social, as its core. The Framework APIs render the application within the browser and provide contextual information to the application including the user&#039;s query, preferences and the page he is viewing.   SciVerse Content APIs for accessing the content currently available within the SciVerse Product Suite. The APIs use a RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in either XML, JSON or ATOM + XML. 
Location based advertising service Advertising advertising,deadpool,location, NAVTEQ is a provider for digital maps and map content used in navigation and location-based services. The NAVTEQ Network for Developers (NN4D) program provides developers with a variety of API&#039;s for mapping, road traffic data, and advertising.  The NAVTEQ LocationPoint Advertising (LPA) service is an in-application mobile advertising service that provides location-based, targeted advertising to users of location aware applications and mobile websites. This API will gather location data and identify users, and then request relevant adds to return to the device. The LPA web service also exposes functions for handling the end-user experience after they have interacted with a LPA-powered add; for example, providing the user with maps and routes to physical stores related to an add they clicked through.
Web visualization and layout framework Internet charts,internet,visualization,webdesign,website, YUI (Yahoo! User Interface) is a free, open source JavaScript and CSS framework that is also hosted by Yahoo for building richly interactive web applications. YUI is provided under a BSD license and is available on GitHub for forking and contribution. The YUI API allows access to the YUI framework for building sites and applications.
CAD and 3D design collaboration tool Tools 3d,collaboration,design,tools, Sunglass is a cloud-based CAD and 3D design tool. Sunglass offers users tools for collaboration with other users for designing and building 3D objects.   The Sunglass API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Sunglass with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: http://www.sunglass.io/demo/apiaccess.html
Social networking services Social social, From their site: Sosius is a flexible and extendable online collaboration, office and networking tool. Use the API to access both the social data that links people, networks and groups, and the data stored by users within their workspaces. The API uses OAuth authentication. Build online and desktop applications such as a Google map mash-up of your networks, make desktop widgets, or provide powerful syncing tools with full permissions and version controls. Sosius has support for the XHTML Friends Network (XFN) standard and for the Friend of a Friend (FOAF) standard.
Web performance optimization services Internet internet,performance,pptimization,scanning,speed,website, Zoompf provides web performance optimization products and services. The Zoompf API provides developer access to many of the web scan results found in the zoompf application. The RESTful API requires an API key and returns XML formatted responses. 
Bioenergy information service Science biology,energy,science, The Knowledge Discovery Framework (KDF) service from the U.S. Department of Energy provides summaries and research data on energy production by conversion of biomass. It gives projections of production and supplies of biomass feedstocks, which may represent business opportunities such as building a refinery for biomass energy. The service summarizes feedstock crop potential, transportation routes, and  related factors to facilitate analysis of the most profitable opportunities for developing biomass energy facilities.  API methods provide data such as the market prices of refined biofuels, the prices of agricultural crops with potential for conversion to bioenergy sources, and similar variables for specified time periods. Methods also support analysis of probabilities for certain supply and price combinations within particular time periods.
Movie and celebrity database Entertainment celebrity,database,entertainment,movies, Muvi is a social movie platform where users can search and access information on movies from Hollywood and Bollywood, as well as celebrities from all over the world.   The Muvi API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Muvi with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact baas@muvi.com for API access.
Two-factor authentication without SMS Security authentication,security, mOTP is an open source, two-factor authentication service. It uses a missed call rather than SMS to send users a One Time Password (OTP) for use in two-factor authentication. This allows users to side-step the costs and delays that can be associated with SMS, which is used in most other two-factor authentication services. Developers can integrate mOTP into their own applications or web-based services using REST calls.
Music and radio service Music auto,device,music,radio, Livio Connect is a platform to connect Livio Radio to other applications and devices. Livio Radio is a music platform designed to work in cars, various devices, and online.  The Livio Connect API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Livio with other applications, devices, and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: https://developer.livioradio.com/.
Internet communication Telephony chat,communication,messaging,telephony,video,Voice, The Skype API provides a mechanism for 3rd party scripts and applications to control Skype UI functions and implement additional or improved features to complement the Skype. Skype is the world&#039;s fastest-growing Internet communication offering, allowing unlimited free voice, video and instant messaging communication between users of Skype Software. The API has two layers: The Communication Layer is a set of methods for external application to establish connection to Skype client and communicate with it, The Command Protocol Layer is a text-based &quot;language&quot; that external applications can use to speak to the Skype client, once communication channel is established by Communication Layer. 
Photo sharing and discovery service Photos discovery,photo,sharing, EyeEm is a photo-sharing and discovery app that allows users to connect through their photos. EyeEm categorizes photos by subject and location, and take the data from a user&#039;s own photos to recommend albums of similar photos of friends and like-minded people.  The API gives users access to much of EyeEma??s current functionality, including acquiring user photos, albums, favorites, likes and comments, as well as topics and photo tags by city, country, venue and by event. API documentation can be accessed upon registration.
Accounts payable and accounts receivable service Financial accounting,financial, The service provides accounts payable functionality to be integrated with financial and accounting software such as Xero, FreeAgent, KashFlow, ClearBooks or Sage 50. It documents payment liabilities pending and already processed, with scheduling of payable due dates, payment approvals, and online tracking of expenses by category. Accounts receivable functionality helps with tracking of payments due, including invoicing and automatic generation of email to remind suppliers.  API methods support setting up accounts for payables with supplier profile, amount, one-time or recurring payment, and general ledger account where payments should post. Methods also support setting up receivables with customer profile, product profile, amount, and general ledger account. The API supports contact records to simplify interacting with suppliers about payments due and with customers about invoices pending.
Multicultural video and audio content service Entertainment audio,entertainment,media,television,video, The service provides aggregated access to video, audio, and multimedia content from across a wide range of cultures, languages, and ethnicities worldwide. Video options include subscription access to TV programming, video recording, and video-on-demand. Audio options include Internet radio divided by genre and language.   API methods support retrieval of program listings and schedule information, with detailed information about individual programs. Methods also provide updates of currently playing video and audio as well as access to record media feeds.
Music discovery service Music deadpool,discovery,music,recommendations,search,semantic, Seevl is a music discovery service. It provides fact-sheets, explanatory recommendations and semantic search for musical knowledge. Currently over 40K+ bands are covered. The Seevl API is provided through content-negotiation meaning that the website is the API. It is based on RESTful principles and responses are formatted in JSON.
Customized online travel and entertainment solutions Travel deadpool,travel, iSeatz is a global provider of customized online travel and entertainment website solutions that offer immediate access to nearly 200,000 services and products. iSeatz flexible platform is centered on the proprietary aggregation application, iSeatz OneView.  The iSeatz API can gather information from multiple sources and communicate the information in a uniform way regardless of the form of input. It uses an XML/Web Service based framework. Public documentation is not available on the site.
Web form generation service Tools development,internet,php,tools,webforms, From their site: Web Form Factory is an open source web form generator which automatically generates the necessary backend code to tie your form to a database.  The WFF SOAP API gives the same result as the zip file provided to WFF users who use the main interface. The API can return a string representation of the said zip package you can extend with your own content, zip it, and present it to the user of your web-application.
Virtual Assistant Service Tools employees,Help,merchant,social,tools, Fancy Hands is a virtual assistant service with a network of individuals across the United States that fill requests for members. The site offers service that a personal assistant normally would, things from calendar management, setting appointments, buying/sending flowers, picking out gifts and renting cars. The Fancy Hands API uses REST calls and is available for all users. The API allows users to integrate the computing service and the network of Fancy Hands assistants into third-party service where the assistants can be used. For pricing and additional information contact Fancy Hands at api@fancyhands.com.
Realtime mapping service Mapping deadpool,display,geocoding,mapping,realtime, The Natural Area Coding System is a geodetic system that has generated code called Natural Area Code (NAC) to unify the representations of geographic coordinates, area codes, street addresses, postal codes, map grids and property identifiers of every location or area in the world, and make the information from all maps, GPS receivers and location based services and products connected, efficient and universal.   The NAC Real-time Mapping API provides detail street maps of any areas in 25 countries plus 59 other large cities in the world and thematic maps of any areas in the world to web applications in real time. Users can map any number of objects to the maps with customized  icons or selected stock icons and labels. Users can also specify map type (road, aerial or aerial with labels), map ranges, map sizes and language culture for their maps. The supported languages are Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish and Swedish.   The service can be accessed through either SOAP web service requests or REST web service requests. The REST web service can return in either XML or JSON format.
Fraud protection service Security deadpool,security,spam, Anatoa is a collaborative attempt to solve the problem of scamming, spamming and defrauding legitimate website members. New users are checked against the Anatoa fraud detection system, powered by participating sites. If a scammer has tried his tricks on one of these websites, Anatoa will recognize this and put measures in the way of the scammer&#039;s continued activity on other websites which use the Anatoa service.  Anatoa offer plug-ins for the most common scripts, but you can also access our WebServices API directly from your custom developed site. There are 6 methods available. They all operate on three main data entities, which are Profile, Image and Message. There is a Check and a Report method for each data entity. 
Swear word filter Dictionary curse,Dictionary,reference,swear,Thesaurus, NoSwearing is a curse-word dictionary/thesaurus. Enter a swear word or a string of words containing swear words into the filter and a cleaned-up translation is returned.   An API is available which will list &quot;dirty words, censor dirty words, replace dirty words, and define dirty words.&quot; API access is on a limited basis. Requests for access can be made (please see contact email above). Public documentation is not available.
Display and visualization of structured data Other charts,visualization, The Google Visualization JavaScript API lets you access structured data and visualize that data using JavaScript in your web pages. The Google Visualization API also enables creation of gadgets.
New York Times best-seller lists data News books,news,shopping, The New York Times Best Sellers API lets you get data from all New York Times best-seller lists including rank history for specific best sellers. Four request types are available: get a best-seller list, search best-seller lists, get the history of a best seller and get the names of Times best-seller lists.
URL shortening service Internet internet,links,url-shortener,utility, bit.ly allows users to shorten, share, and track links (URLs). Reducing the URL length makes sharing easier. bit.ly  can be accessed through their website, bookmarklets and this open API. bit.ly is also integrated into several popular third-party tools such as Tweetdeck and is used extensively on services like Twitter. Unique user-level and aggregate links can be created and let users view complete, real-time traffic and referrer data, as well as location and metadata. 
Wedding service and product deals Shopping coupons,newzealand,shopping,weddings, New Zealand based Bridal Fashion Worlda??s Wedding Perks provides a curated selection of wedding service and product deals. The Wedding Perks API provides developer access to deals through various HTTP calls. Responses may be JSON or XML formatted. 
Mobile messaging and solution service Telephony Global,messaging,mobile,sms,telephony, Infobip is a mobile solutions service. Services offered by Infobip include bulk SMS messaging, 2-way messaging, mobile payments, number checking, and text feedback platforms.   The Infobip API allows developers to access and integrate Infobip functionality with other applications and services. Some example API methods include sending messages, accessing message information, and accessing reports regarding messages. 
Online behavior tracking service Internet internet,tracking,visitor,website, Opentracker provides subscribers with the ability to track visitors on their sites. It collects information about where the visitor is geographically, what OS they&#039;re using, how they got to the subscribers&#039; sites, what links they followed to navigate the sites, and how long they spent on the sites. Profiles are created for each visitor so that subscribers can look at individual behavior as well as overall patterns.  The Opentracker API allows subscribers to access their collected data and statistics to automate report generation, create customized data tables, display visitor information on their sites, or combine Opentracker data with other APIs in mashups.
Video transcoding service Video Encoding,video, Ankoder is a cloud based video transcoding API enabling companies to easily integrate video functions into their web services. Its pay-per-use service keeps you up-to-date with the latest codecs and saves you from developing custom encoding solutions.
Understand the green impact of supply chains Other enterprise,green, Sourcemap is project from the MIT Media Lab. It is a tool for producers, business owners and consumers to understand the impact of supply chains. The services lets you simulate the impact of manufacturing, transporting, using and throwing away products using our Life-Cycle Assessment calculator. This web-based tool uses linked data from geological and geographic resources. Each Sourcemap can be used to help market socially- and environmentally- conscious products and to buy carbon offsets.
Numismatic information resource Reference currency,database,reference, The Nomisma collaborative project provides stable digital representations of numismatic concepts and entities according to the principles of Linked Open Data. The representations take the form of http URIs that provide access to reusable information about those concepts as well as links to other resources. Nomisma offers several REST APIs for developers. They include Average Axis, Average Diameter, Average Weight, Closing Date, Get Label, Get RDF and Get NUDS. Response data is formatted in XML.
Photo album retrieval service Photos photo,social, The Sugar Creek Country Club is prestigious country club located southwest of the Houston Metropolitan area. Their website hosts a photo album, which is not available to the general public. The Photo Album API enables users to load all or some of the images from the photo album onto their own websites. This API is accessible via SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Link tracking and search optimization Advertising advertising,SEO, The UrlTrends API gives SEO tools to developers. Access to search engine data including search terms for finding a given url, search metrics, and other tools to research and measure for search engine optimization.
Event registration, marketing, and promotion services Events events,marketing,registration,sbweb,social,tickets, Eventbrite&#039;s API web services allows to create users and events as well as pull the associated events into your application.  Access Eventbrite data and create, update, and get events. Get a list of attendees, transactions, venues and much more.  Sign up for our referral program to earn a revenue share: http://www.eventbrite.com/referral-program
Social marketplace Shopping ecommerce,shopping,social, Bonanza is an online marketplace with integrated social features that allow members of the community to engage other buyers and sellers. The site offers newsletters, seller profiles and real time chat for buyers and sellers of collectibles, antiques, clothing, jewelry, books, and other items.  Developers can interface their own applications directly with the Bonanza marketplace using the Bonanza Bonapitit REST API. The API accepts input in either JSON or XML format and output is delivered in JSON. Functionality includes search and lookup, account management, item editing, and notifications.   
Google+ Development Services Social community,domain,google,integration,sharing,social, The Google+ Domains API allows users to build applications that can interact with with Google+. This could be prepopulating circles and admins within a business for new employees, integrate applications with Google+ for announcements and bulletins, or a number of other uses. The API allows access to Activities, Audiences, Comments, Circles, People, and Media from Google+. The services uses REST calls, and Google provides Java and Python developer kits. 
Flash-based mapping service Mapping deadpool,flash,mapping, The Google Maps API for Flash provides a new way to add interactive Google Maps to your website, using Adobe&#039;s Flash? plugin to display dynamic map content. This API lets Flex developers embed Google Maps in Flash applications. Similar to the JavaScript version, this ActionScript API provides a number of utilities for manipulating and adding content to maps through a variety of services, enabling you to embed robust, interactive maps applications on your website. The Google Maps API for Flash now supports 3D Maps. This API exists as a fully independent alternative to the existing JavaScript Maps API, and provides many of the features of that API while also adding the ability to mix Flash content with Google Maps.
SMS messaging service Messaging Global,messaging,mobile,sms,telephony, The MessageMedia SMS API enables real time delivery of inbound texts, delivery tracking to the cell phone, replies flagged to correspond to outbound message, and HTTPS/SSL secure mode.
Search engine for files File Sharing file-sharing,search, From their site: This API helps you put FilesTube Search in your web pages. FilesTube.com is a search engine designed to search files in various file sharing and uploading sites. FilesTube finds files matching your search criteria among files seen recently in uploading sites by our search spider.
Data visualization and analysis platform Tools analysis,Data,tools,visualization, Dataseed is an interactive data visualization and analysis platform. In short, Dataseed allows users to import, link, visualize, analyze, and export data. The Dataseed API provides a developer interface for importing and managing datasets. Some aspects of the API are designed to REST standards, while some are not strictly RESTful, in order to minimize the amount of transferred data. Responses are JSON formatted, the API supports HTTP Basic Authentication, and  communicates over HTTPS.
Online video library information and access service Video video, AOL On is a large, online library of video content that covers a wide range of topics and includes AOL Original videos. The AOL On Network API allows developers to integrate its video content, displays, and functionality into their websites. Specifically, developers can get information on videos, studios, and categories as well as search the video library, access the videoseed for a specific URL, and access daily or monthly statistics for their account.
eCommerce shopping services Shopping affiliate,electronics,search,shopping, BBYOpen is Best Buy&#039;s effort to open their sets of data. The data made available includes items being sold, company knowledge and services offered  in an effort to encourage developers to build relevant apps. BBYOpen offers new sources of data, access to BETA APIs, promotion of apps built using BBYOpen APIs, tools to help get started, and incentive models to reward developer work.  The API formally known as Remix, provides full product information for 1 million current and historical products including pricing, specifications, availability and descriptions and images. Store data is also included which allows users to check product availability by store; including Napster&#039;s full product catalog built right in.  Full archives are available, updated daily, to make it easier to establish the full catalog locally.
eBay pricing and sales trend data Shopping auction,deadpool,research,shopping, From their site: With 180 million registered users across 33 international markets, and over $54 Billion worth of goods transacted in 2004/2005, eBay has the data you are looking for. Easy integration, On-demand access, Robust eBay analysis, 90 days of history, eBay marketplace research. input keywords and eBay categories and returns avg selling price of item.  
Real estate pricing service Real Estate deadpool,realestate, The Rental Rate API is a for websites that provides real estate or rental listings for website visitors. The RentRange API provides low, median and high rental rates for individual properties or by zip code. Using REST/HTTP protocol, the API lets you pass a property address or zipcode and provides resulting data back in XML. 
Local business directory search service Shopping local,places,search,shopping, The CityGrid network APIs give developers access to premium local content including user reviews, editorial content, merchant messages & more, across 75K neighborhoods nationwide. CityGrid Media is an online media company that connects web and mobile publishers with local advertising organizations by linking them through CityGrid, its local content and advertising network. Currently CityGrid offers the following APIs:  Places API - Provides functionality for information on local businesses, including search, detail, user content submission, and predictive text.   Offers API - Provides coupons and special offers from businesses based on geographical location and category   Reviews API - Displays customer reviews based on listing IDs for certain geographic/category attributes All APIs have been instrumented with impression tracking feeding our new beta reporting dashboard.
LDS catalog search service Search church,religion,search, LDSTech is a community site where users can contribute to the technological work of the LDS (Mormon) church. The Gospel Library Catalog API allows mobile devices to search for and look up content (available as books) that are available for download. Users can look up the languages and platforms for which content is available. The catalog provides a taxonomy of the content showing it in the correct order. Users also have the ability to download content via the API. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.  
Ecommerce platform for building online stores Shopping sbweb,shopping, BigCommerce is an online ecommerce service used to power online stores. BigCommerce contains a RESTful API that allows remote retrieval of customers, orders and products via a XML web service. The API allows requests to be made to search for the above data, or retrieve a particular entry from the database for one of the supported data types.
Order fulfillment and warehouse management service Shopping Fulfillment,shipping,shopping, The service provides a platform for order entry, fulfillment, shipping and invoicing. As support for those processes, it provides warehouse and inventory management with reporting of product sales, shipping, and logistics. Integration opportunities include accounting systems and customer relationship managment (CRM) systems for tracking products and transactions.  API methods support creation and updating of product records as well as entry, updating, and status reporting for sales orders. Methods also support inventory management and variance reporting and control along with accounting updates related to product stocking and sales.
Data Indices Download Service Database database,food,index, The Food Security Data API provides means for downloading data and charts from FoodSecurityPortal.com. The site aggregates monthly economic, human well-being, food security, and other data from various indices. The API is based around Query builder which allows the user to create a unique request that will return only the data set wanted. This can then be integrated into existing applications, mashups, or simply used to pull selected data. 
Social media marketing platform Advertising advertising,deadpool,marketing,media,social, Unified Social is a platform for social media marketing. The platform allows marketers to engage social media audiences across multiple social media applications, such as Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIN.   The Unified Social API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Unified Social with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving audience profile information, generating reports, and managing account information. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with accounts. 
Software marketplace for Facebook apps Social deadpool,facebook,social, All applications within Appbistro have been built by experienced Facebook Platform developers with vetted support channels and sustainable businesses. We take pride in being able to partner with the best developers in the Facebook community. The developers who build tabs come from a breed who know what it takes to make an application viral and make your Facebook page viral in return.
Social site for foodies Food deadpool,food,restaurant, The Food Candy API gives developers access to the data and functionality of this social site for foodies.
SMS Messaging services Messaging enterprise,messaging,mobile,sms,telephony,usa, An SMS API for mobile marketing campaigns. Use this API as part of a cost-effective, flexible, private-label solution. Possible uses are campaigns, real-time alerts, interactive displays, site integration, or customer support, classifieds, and real estate. Send messages to certain phone numbers. If the message is over 160 characters, the message will be broken into parts automatically. You also can schedule messages and specify a time zone for them. Cancel scheduled messages as needed. Enter a message ID and learn its delivery status. 
Biological sequence search and analysis Medical bioinformatics,medical, From their site: Web API for Bioinformatics (WABI).
Energy resource data services Government Data,energy,government,usage, Open Energy Information (OpenEI) is a knowledge sharing online community that aims to provide users with the latest worldwide information and data on energy resources. OpenEI offers a wide range of information including details about renewable energy incentives, access to energy data, and much more.   The API provides realtime access to data including information surrounding electric utility rates and incentives for renewables and efficiency associated with a specific location. The API uses RESTFUL calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Digital gifting platform Retail digital,gifts,retail, Transaction Wireless is a provider of digital gifting provider for retailers offering B2B and B2C gift card programs, loyalty incentives and marketing solutions. The Transaction Wireless API is a suite of services that offer clients the ability to integrate the cloud based platform with existing gift card programs or third party applications. Developers should contact the provider for more information and full documentation.
Philadelphia neighborhood information service Mapping mapping,philadelphia, The Philly Hoods API is a simple REST service for retrieving information on neighborhoods in Philadelphia. It can provide users with the GeoJSON for a neighborhood when given its name, or it can supply the neighborhood where a lat./long. coordinate pair is located. There is no official neighborhood boundary dataset for Philadelphia; the dataset used in the Philly Hoods API is provided by Azavea, a geospatial analysis company. Additional features are expected to be added to the API in the future.
Saudi Arabian business directory Search directory,mobile,reference,search, Daleeli is a Saudi Arabian directory for all sorts of businesses and services. Visitors can look up restaurants, hotels, contractors, garden supply stores, car dealers, doctors, and more. Business information is not limited to Saudi Arabia; international businesses are represented as well.  The Daleeli Mobile API allows users to integrate access to Daleeli into applications for mobile devices. The API is accessible using SOAP calls in XML format. Relevant webpages and documentation are provided in both Arabic and English.
Geocoding and reverse geocoding RESTful API Mapping geocoding,mapping,reverse-geocoding, Find an address or resolve a geo-location into an address with Geocoder. Get accuracy to the door-step with global, fresh coverage based on continuously updated automotive-grade map data.
Recipe management service Food advertising,cooking,food,recipes, Kitchen Monki is a cooking productivity tool allowing users to organize, search and share recipes, as well as to automate grocery lists. Kitchen Monkia??s RESTful API provides customer access to the Kitchen Monki platform, allowing users to perform a variety of tasks, including retrieving and manipulating recipe data objects and re-using content across platforms and applications.
State politics information service Government government,politics, The Sunlight Foundation is a non-partisan, non-profit group that uses technology to make the U.S. government more transparent and accountable.  Open States provides public access to information on state-level politics for every state in the U.S. It helps users find their legislators, review their votes, search upcoming legislation, and track bill progress. This data can be accessed directly through the website or programmatically via REST API.
Real-time, multimedia content creation service Media Management blog,content,media,realtime, Scribblelive provides a flexible and feature-rich media management platform that powers live blogging, real-time journalism, and on-the-fly storytelling. Using Scribblelive, users can create live blog posts and articles that include multiple types of media content in one post. Users can also feature content from Twitter and Facebook and import content from services such as YouTube and Instagram. The Scribblelive backend lets users create, moderate, curate, publish, and syndicate content into a live blog from multiple sources (e.g., text, video, audio, photos, SMS, voicemail) and multiple contributors.
Font and web font service Other design,fonts,webdesign, Fonts.com is a font and web font store that offers many fonts available for download and purchase. Fonts.com also offers typographic resources for designers.  The Fonts.com Web Fonts API allows developers to integrate the functionality of the Fonts.com Web Fonts. With the API, developers can create and retrieve projects from Web Fonts, as well as access the Web Fonts library of fonts.
UC Davis online directory search service Education california,deadpool,directory,education,search, The UC Davis Online Directory Search API is allows developers to perform basic search on the public data within the UC Davis Online Directory system from within their application via REST with a JSON interface. The documentation details the proper URL request and JSON response formats.  All data returned from the API will be filtered to only return records that are not marked private or protected. The API will return various directory information, including a person&#039;s primary listing and the first device/address results for that listing. 
Telephony web services for voice and SMS Telephony germany,Global,sms,telephony, Developer Garden (www.developergarden.com) is the developer ecosystem of Deutsche Telekom. It is the central hub for software developers and business partners to easily access advanced technologies and core services.  Developer Garden offers a broad product portfolio of premium components, web services, tools and APIs (Application Programming Interfaces) for smart and efficient software development. It provides developers and partners with new ways to distribute and monetize their software. Integrating Developer Gardena??s services offers infinite ways of unlocking new business potential to drive revenue and customer loyalty while reducing time-to-market.   Built on a network of strong global alliances, Developer Garden addresses the world-wide software development community.
RSS feed statistics Blogging rss,statistics, Returns a publicly available XML, JSON or JSONP response for any RSS feed and shows Google Reader stats about that feed. Uses REST protocol.
HTML to PDF conversion service Office conversion,html,internet,pdf,tools, A simple yet powerful API of use to programmers out there who want to seamlessly convert HTML to PDF. This allows your program or website to pass HTML or a URL to htm2pdf.co.uk and in return receive a file that you can save or stream to the user.  There are many conversion settings that you can store as defaults and you can also override most of them on each conversion. The API can be integrated in any programming language (C#, Java, PHP, Python, Perl etc) in a few lines of code.
Secure Payment Service Payment merchant,payment,security,shopping,uk, Cash-Ticket is an online payment service for merchants and customers. The API is available in SOAP and, on a more limited basis, HTTP. The API enables users of the Cash-Ticket build a secure payment system into web shops using SSLv3. An account is required with service. 
SMS, WAP, and email messaging Messaging deadpool,messaging,mobile,sms,telephony, NOTE:As of 6/25/2008 it appears that this api is no longer available. From their site: We help software developers provide their content on cell phones using 411sync&#039;s SMS (text message) API and standard technologies such as XML and RSS. Developers can use 411sync SMS (Text Message) Services to offer custom information to the users. Users request information by sending a text message (SMS) to a custom unique sms id created by the developer. In response, the custom information is sent to the user on the cell phone as a text message. All you need to do is send us data in web standard RSS XML format.
Biological database access service Reference biology,database, MetNet is software to visualize, explore, statistically analyze and model transcriptomics, proteomics and metabolomics data in the context of a growing metabolic and regulatory network map of Arabidopsis, Soybean, and other species.  The MetNet API is a programming library that provides direct-access to our MetNetDB database. It allows software developers to interface with a central repository of pathway-related data. It offers flexible query and data-retrieval methods for Java- and R-based applications that import biological network knowledge. 
Online appointment management service Calendar calendar,reservations,scheduling, The service provides a web-based system for booking and scheduling appointments. It is intended to meet the needs of small business operations like massage studios, hair salons, and similar appointment-based processes. Primary users currently are in the U.S., Australia, Canada, and the U.K.  Primary API methods support retrieving available appointment slots by day, time, and provider and submitting an appointment request. Methods also manage user accounts and tracking appointments set.
Local business search service Recommendations local,places,recommendations,reviews,usa, This API lets users search for businesses within the US, display business information, get ratings and reviews, etc. JSON-formatted responses are provided. YellowBot is a local search site for finding and reviewing the places in the local community (and elsewhere). Documentation for this API is provided upon request.
Account management service Backend account,authentication,backend,management, Accthub is a service that acts as an account management system for app builders. It is used to store and mange user&#039;s account information, credentials, addresses and meta-data. Among the information it can store includes users email address, hashed password, full name, langage, timezone, gender, company, website URL. The API gives users access to the full functionality of the service. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Java-related blog agreggation service Blogging blogging,code,deadpool,programming, Java.blogs is a group aggregation site for blogs that regularly discuss Java technology. Users can easily sign up and add their own blog to the site&#039;s feed. The java.blogs API allows users to search the website and to notify java.blogs that their blog has updated using XML-RPC calls.
Digital gift card service Shopping giftcard,shopping, Tango Card provides digital gift cards to major stores, both online and physical. Tango Card allows the recipient to use their value exactly how they want a?? they can select a premier gift card, they can divide their value among Brands, they can use some today and save the rest for another day. They can also donate to a non-profit organization. Tango Card value can be used via the web or from almost any mobile device.   The Tango Card API provides SDK wrappers to quickly incorporate gift cards into your reward, loyalty, and engagement applications.
Social engagement aggregator service Social analytics,deadpool,social, PostRank uses audience interaction with content to filter and deliver relevant news and information to users. The Engagement API is a real-time activity stream of where and how users engage with content. JSON responses include engagement change notification, feeds the story has appeared in, dynamic 30-day engagement for each feed and new postrank score and color for each story.
Programming question and answer site Answers answers,programming, Stack Overflow is a collaboratively edited question and answer site for programmers. The Stack Overflow API allows users to interface with the site through commands such as Getting comments by ids, Getting question summary information and more. The Stack Exchange API is based on standard HTTP and URLs and responses are in JSON. Users are allowed 10,000 requests/day with API key.
Monitoring and alert service Telephony alerts,Global,monitoring,sms,telephony, AlertGrid is an online service that helps developers easily integrate alerting and events filtering functionalities into their systems or applications. With multiple alert types, history tracking and data visualization, it aims to become a real alternative to heavy-weight monitoring tools. The SMS feature is available globally(170 countries).
Project management and collaboration platform Project Management enterprise,project-management, Clarizen is a provider of collaborative online project management software that allows businesses to manage all of their projects and resources in a single environment. With the SOAP API, users can create custom application to have additional benefits of business data that resides in the Clarizen repository, create integrations with desktop authoring tools to bring task management close to the employee desktop and create integrations with internal data management systems to exchange relevant data.
Social reviews for e-commerce websites Social ecommerce,product,reviews,social, Yotpo is a social content layer focused on providing the best social review experience for e-commerce websites. The Yotpo API provides developer access to the Yotpo platform. Supported functions include posting and retrieving reviews, creating and managing user profiles, accessing review metadata, and more. The API returns JSON formatted responses.
Building information modeling service File Sharing 3d,file-sharing,model,storage, Bimsync is a secure storage and distribution service for building information modeling. Bimsync offers complete revision control of all building models in a project along with intuitive 3D visualization in the cloud so that everyone involved in a project has access to all of the models at any time.   A REST API is available for access to bimsync services. All API access is over HTTPS and responses are returned as JSON. Authentication is based on the OAuth 2.0.  
null Weather deadpool, 
Web-based helpdesk service Enterprise customer-service,deadpool,enterprise,helpdesk,sbweb, HelpSpot is a comprehensive Web-Based Help Desk Software. Email, web, phone???however customers reach you, HelpSpot can centralize and effectively manage your support. HelpSpot web services API provides access to nearly all data stored within the system, HTTP-based returning XML/JSON/PHP for easy access from nearly every programming language. This API can be used to programmatically create requests, view queues from other applications, access forums and knowledge book content, embed your help desk directly into your web site/software, or even create an entire new help desk interface. 
Public Twitter Stream Social realtime,social, From Website: The Twitter Streaming API allows high-throughput near-realtime access to various subsets of public and protected Twitter data. The Streaming API contains public statuses from all users, filtered in various ways: By userid, by keyword, by random sampling, by geographic location, etc. User Streams provides Public statuses from all users, filtered in various ways: By userid, by keyword, by random sampling, by geographic location, etc.
Economic indicator service Financial Catalonia,finance,government,reference,spain,statistics, The Statistical Institute of Catalonia produces official statistics in the fields of the economy, demography and society. Idescat exposes some of its data via a collection of REST APIs. Idescat&#039;s APIs offer methods for third-party programs to be able to obtain information from the Statistical Institute of Catalonia and integrate it in other services.  The Indicators of the day service provides basic information on a selection of short-term and structural indicators for the Catalan economy. Responses can be returned in XML, JSON and PHP formats.
Get local movie showtime&#039;s by zipcode Entertainment movie,movies,Showtime,showtimes,theater,theaters, This web service lets users submit a zip code and a radius and returns a list of theaters along with all the movies playing for the current date. The service allows users to call it without registering for a key; however, when doing so it returns complete information for only one theater. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
U.S. campaign finance data Government finance,government,news,politics,reference, The New York Times Campaign Finance API lets you retrieve contribution and expenditure data from United States Federal Election Commission filings. The NY Times team have taken public campaign finance data and created a useful data set that answers the most frequently asked campaign finance questions.
Web application building service Backend application,backend, mydigitalstructure is a web application building service. mydigitalstructure provides backend-as-a-service for websites and web applications.   The mydigitalstructure API allows developers to access the functionality and methods of mydigitalstructure. The API includes over 500 methods, ranging from managing contacts through to full accounting functionality.
Enable Personalization for Consumers Email Data,json,people,personalization,RapLeaf,sbweb, The personalization API provides a simple interface to rich data about consumers.  Developers use the data provided by the API to create more personalized experiences for consumers.  Query with an email address and get Age, Gender, and Location for free, unlimited access.  Use this information to recommend better content, deliver more relevant email messages, and understand your best customers through analytics.
Spanish social blog network Blogging blog,social,spain, Bitacoras.com is the largest social network for bloggers that exists in Spanish with over 250,000 users. The system collects information from thousands of blogs and organizes, catalogs and distributes it in real-time becoming a tool for learning what is happening in the Hispanic blogosphere. The API uses a RESTful interface and responses are in XML, JSON, PHP, RSS formats. Documentation is in Spanish.
Real estate listings and sale prices Real Estate money,realestate, With the New York Times Real Estate API, you can get percentiles and counts for real estate listings and sales in New York City. The API offers aggregate data divided into two sets: listings and actual sale prices. You can get the number (?counts?) of listings and sales per ZIP code, neighborhood and borough, for various building types and date ranges. You can also get percentile prices for listings and sales per ZIP code, neighborhood and borough, again for various building types and time periods. 
Animated slideshow service Photos deadpool,germany,photo,slideshow,tools, From their site: With imageloop you can create your own world of photos. Create moving photo albums (called Slideshows) and share them with anyone you like. And the best part: imageloop is completely free. Sign up today and discover the world of imagelooop.
Barcode scanning service Utility barcode,utility, The service enables barcode scanning by mobile phones using built-in cameras without additional hardware. It resolves and validates scanned barcodes in real time, collecting user data for every scan of a code using the service. Hosted services include management of scan metrics and databases created as scans are logged.  API methods support retrieval of XML data from a barcode scan and return of lists of services to be accessed, devices with access, and location where the scan occurred. Methods also allow creation of questionnaires for display in response to barcode scans. 
Authentication for Google Apps Security authentication,security, From their site: Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) is an XML standard that allows secure web domains to exchange user authentication and authorization data. Using SAML, an online service provider can contact a separate online identity provider to authenticate users who are trying to access secure content. Google Apps offers a SAML-based Single Sign-On (SSO) service that provides partner companies with full control over the authorization and authentication of hosted user accounts that can access web-based applications like Gmail or Google Calendar. Using the SAML model, Google acts as the service provider and provides services such as Gmail and Partner Start Pages (PSP). Google partners act as identity providers and control usernames, passwords and other information used to identify, authenticate and authorize users for web applications that Google hosts.
Image editing service Photos deadpool,editing,image,photo,thumbnail, ImageFly is a image editing service. ImageFly offers image editing features, such as resizing images, creating thumbnails, and cropping images.   The ImageFly API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ImageFly with other applications. Some example API methods include resizing images, cropping images, converting images, and creating thumbnails. 
Website uptime monitoring service Internet internet,monitoring,status,website, Updown is a webservice that checks a websitea??s status by periodically sending a HTTP HEAD request to a specified URL. Developer access to updowna??s service is available through a RESTful API. The API allows applications to fetch uptime data and automate checks. Responses are JSON formatted.
Photo printing application Photos photo,photographers,printing, CanvasPop is a photo printing service. CanvasPop provides photo printing options including printing on canvas. Users can print their own photos, monetize their photos, and share photos for others to use.  The CanvasPop Photo Printing API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CanvasPop with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving photos, managing photos, previewing photos, and printing photos. 
Geodata retrieval service Mapping geodata,geography, The DesertHail Geodata Service API allows users to retrieve elevations (in meters) in a grid, line, or point as defined by latitude and longitude coordinates. Users can also retrieve the distance (in kilometers) between two coordinates. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Scientific journal and books database Reference reference,science, Springer is a global scientific publisher of scientific books and journals. Springer Open Access API provide access to the full-text content, metadata, and images for approximately 80 thousand articles from open access journals in the Biomed Central and SpringerOpen publishing programs. Springer APIs provide a variety of different output formats, including XML and JSON (and we&#039;re working on ONIX). 
Feed management services for eCommerce Shopping deadpool,feeds,rss,shopping, From their site: nooked is a web service that hosts feed data that is used by feedcommerce services client applications. You can create feeds and clients (widgets, social network applications, mashups) that consume or produce feeds. The nooked APIs are split into a few categories: Account APIs - programmatically create accounts on nooked in order to create feeds or clients; Feed - programmatically manipulate feeds owned by an account; Entry APIs - programmatically manipulate entries in feeds owned by an account; Client APIs - Register new clients and instances of those clients; Actions APIs - Used by merchants to notify the platform of completed actions; Statistics APIs - Get statistics on feed and client usage and distribution.
Web content aggregation and ranking service Social aggregator,deadpool,social, Trendn aggregates the most viral and socially-shared content on the web. This is done by assigning a ranking that is based on social engagement. Modes of engagement include sharing with friends, bookmarking an article, commenting on a blog post or clicking a link to read a news item. The API returns the content with the highest score for a given category passed in by the user. It uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Real-time communication platform for developers Backend backend,cloud,communication, VoxImplant is a real-time communications cloud platform for developers. The VoxImplant platform is customizable through a JavaScript call control engine, a web SDK, and an API allowing developers to modify account settings and to make calls from the VoxEngine. The API is able to manage resources such as users, rules, scenarios, accounts, phone numbers, callerIDs, and SIP white list.
Event promotion service Events events,japan,social,tickets, Doorkeeper is an event promotion service that helps promoters build a network of participants called a &quot;community.&quot; Invites for future events can be sent instantly to everyone in a community, and upcoming events automatically appear on community members&#039; calendars. Should a promoter decide to switch services, they can easily export community members&#039; information and take it with them.  When an event is created, Doorkeeper can share its information with other event listing sites. Instead of just getting a count of people who say they&#039;re coming, promoters can choose to charge in advance for events and then check participants in using a ticket scanning app. They can also send reminders to people who signed up for an event in advance to make sure they turn up.  The Doorkeeper API allows users to retrieve all of the events listed on Doorkeeper or the events for a given community. The Doorkeeper website and API documentation are offered in both English and Japanese.
Questions and answers service Answers answers,deadpool, From their site: Answerbag is a community of people helping others.  We&#039;re here to help you connect with others and to find and share knowledge. Any topic you can dream of, you can ask it here. Answerbag provides all of its core question and answer data through a set of Read-Only API Calls, and it also provides Write API calls that allow the writing of content to its database. The Write APIs require that you registered and authenticate your users with Answerbag.
Data extraction service for websites & applications Utility Data,database,extraction,tools,utility, import.io is a service that allows users to find data sources on the web for extraction, use, connect to, and remix the data for websites and applications.  The import.io API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of import.io with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving data, importing data, extracting data, and managing account information. 
Online book management service Other books,deadpool,library, The Bookworm API allows users and developers to access many of the features of Bookworm from other applications. Using the API, a developer can add, download, and list the ePub content over HTTP in a user&#039;s library.  Bookwork is a free platform for storing and reading ePub-format books online.
Food product data service Food database,food,health,labels,product, FoodEssentials is a service that provides data on food products. FoodEssentials provides a database of food label information.  The FoodEssentials Label API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of FoodEssentials with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include accessing food product information, searching for food ingredients, and retrieving allergy information. 
UK government business support sector Government business,economy,government, The Department for Business, Innovation and Skills (BIS) is a UK government sector supporting business and economic growth. BIS is aimed at driving growth through fostering competitive markets, educating consumers about their rights and consumer law, promoting employment relations, higher education and skills training, and more.  BIS offers an API for developers to use content from their website and other websites under the bis.gov.uk site, which include the Export Credits Guarantee Department, British Hallmarking Council, the Foresight Programme, Council for Science and Technology, Government Office for Science, UK Space Agency, National Measurement Office, and the UK Commission for Employment and Skills. 
Discount, deals, and offers service Shopping coupons,shopping, The Offers API allows access, via REST services, to MasterCard Offers from participating merchants. The API has offers, deals, and discounts in many categories ??? retail and recreation are two examples. The Offers API also provides the ability to construct a more detailed search for an offer. For example, you can filter offers by category or display offers near a certain location or point on the map.
Blogging platform Blogging blog,russia, Yandex is the largest search engine in Russia and develops a number of Internet-based services and products. Yandex offers owners of websites and blogs tools with which they can apply the functional services of Yandex in their projects. The site and documentation are in Russian.   The Ya.ru API provides programmatic access to the Ya.ru blogging platform data services. With this access users can develop applications that integrate with the Ya.ru platform. Examples of such applications include: logging client for creation of posts; graph a user&#039;s social ranking and statistics, publish pictures and videos from Ya.ru on other sites and mobile applications. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Image pasteboard and forum Entertainment entertainment,image,media,social, 4Chan is a forum for image posting and discussion. Users can post images to different threads, separated categorically into themes like videogames, anime, music, and more. Users can reply to images and comments with more images and comments. The pasteboard format is simple and does not require an account or login. The 4chan API exposes information from the pasteboarda??s threads. Developers can use it to retrieve content from 4chan. It is a RESTful API that returns JSON-encoded data.
SMS messaging service Messaging messaging,sms,subscriptions,telephony,usa, SMSified is an API for sending and receiving text messages using regular phone numbers or short codes. The API also provides functionality for reporting on a particular SMS or multiple SMS messages and admin services on subscriptions. The API uses RESTful calls with responses formatted in JSON. Currently the API is in beta.
Social music service Music music, 
GPS data and modeling service Mapping gps,mapping, The GPS Explorer data portal provides tools to access and explore GPS data, positions, time series, velocities, and strain from stations covering Western North America. These data products are generated as part of a NASA MEaSURES project, and are updated weekly.  The portal allows users to log in, perform GPS data and modeling operations, and save their options. Some of GPS Explorer&#039;s functions are available via SOAP API.
Italian bus route and transit service Transportation italy,mapping,transportation,travel, Currently in beta, BusOnAir aims to provide a transportation service for people living in, and around, L&#039;Aquila, Italy. This online resource and app enables locals to navigate La??Aquilaa??s bus system. Arrivals and departure times can be viewed more accurately and constantly changing travel routes can be seen in realtime. Besides being convenient, BusOnAir provides necessary services in the city and outlying villages which are still dealing with damage and reconstruction efforts.  The beta API is hosted by mashape and employs a simple REST interface with responses defaulting to JSON. A variety of clients are available as well. A mashape API key is necessary.
Access to parking and event data Database cars,location,parking,places,travel, The ParkWhiz API gives developers access all of ParkWhiz&#039;s real-time parking and event data in major US cities and around sports venues. The API features a RESTful interface and returns data via the JSON format. Calls are limited to 1000 a day and are authorized via an API Key.
Query language platform for Yahoo services Database database,internet, The Yahoo Query Language, YQL, provides a single endpoint service that enables developers to query, filter and combine data across Yahoo and beyond. YQL exposes a SQL-like SELECT syntax that that is both familiar to developers and expressive enough for getting the right data. 
Payment Processing Service Payment financial,merchant,payment,processing,shopping, PaymentSpring is online merchant account and payment gateway that allows companies and users to quickly send and accept payments. The site offers flat rates, no contracts, lower PCI compliance issues, and no credit card storage. The PaymentSpring API uses REST calls and uses and API key for authentication. The API allows users to make calls to manipulate customer data, plan data logging event data, charge data, and subscription data. 
Securities markets information service Financial finance,quotes,scandinavia,stocks, The service provides data for transaction and price quotes from major financial and securities markets with emphasis on serving customers in Nordic markets, especially Scandinavia and northern Europe. It aggregates information from a wide range of securities exchanges worldwide, including NYSE and NASDAQ in the United States, European regional markets, and national markets across Europe. The data is streamed through a number of distribution channels, including an API.  API methods support retrieval of security price quotes in real-time or delayed, with end-of-day summaries of open, close, highest, and lowest price plus transaction volume. Methods also provide access to background information about security issuers, news about actions taken by companies, and historical data for reference needs.
Product marketplace service Shopping shopping, Helps sellers automate listings, orders, payments, reports, and more. By exchanging data, sellers can integrate Amazon marketplace into their current applications and workflow.
Find a real estate agent service Real Estate realestate,realtors, RealtyBaron&#039;s Agents API is a free service that enables websites or mobile apps to quickly offer &#039;find an agent&#039; services to both consumers and professionals with minimal integration and zero administration.
Crowdsource polling service Answers answers,crowdsourcing,deadpool,polls,surveys, Ask500People allows users to create polls that can be voted on by anyone via the web. Once a question is posed, people are free to vote and discuss the question further. Users can also view demographic information about those who voted, as well as a map that shows where each vote came from.  The API allows users to vote, create polls, and retrieve data from the Ask500People website. This free API operates over HTTP using the JSON format, and requires an API key for access.
Petfinder Database Search API Search animals,pets,search, Petfinder is a website that lets users search for pets that are up for adoption. Petfinder also offers a RESTful API that allows developers to create their own applications that query the Petfinder database. Searches can be by breed, pet, shelter, or by breed/pet at a specific shelter.
Interact with Grooveshark music data Music mp3,music, From the website: &quot;Grooveshark makes available methods for accessing and interacting with Grooveshark data. This API is experimental, and may change. At present all methods require a &quot;method signature&quot; which means you need a web services key and secret to access them.&quot;
Mobile advertising network Advertising advertising,mobile,telephony, InMobi is the world&#039;s largest independent mobile advertising network. Publishers use the network to monetize their inventory while advertisers use it to reach their audience. The InMobi API allows developers to insert their ads in J2ME, PSP, or any other platform. With the API users can manage multiple platforms. The API can also be used to integrate mobile websites, iOS & Android apps and other mobile applications. It uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Reporting and Analytics Service Enterprise analytics,enterprise,graphics,reporting,visualization, ReportGrid provides analytics and visualizations in the cloud. The system is built to interpret and share big data in order to gain new insights. The service helps bring real-time reporting to large and small businesses, as well as their customers. The ReportGrid API is provided as both a RESTful and a Javascript API.
Forward and Reverse Geocoding Service Mapping address,geocoding,mapping,openstreetmap, Converts addresses into a latitude and longitude point, useful for maps or for plugging into other mapping APIs, such as the CloudMade NavEngine for directions between two points. CloudMade is built upon OpenStreetMap data.
Video embedding service for Flash projects Video embed,flash,video, Vimeo is a website that allows users to view other peoples&#039; videos and upload their own for others to see. No advertisements are added before, during, or after users&#039; videos, and basic accounts are free.  The Vimeo ActionScript API allows developers to integrate the Vimeo Flash player (called Moogaloop) into their Flash projects using ActionScript 3. This is accomplished via VimeoPlayer.as, a simple ActionScript class for adding Vimeo video support and API access to Flash projects. Developers are free to expand the class with any additional methods or variables that they need for their project.
Task Management System PIM deadpool,office,pim,tasks, DoIt is an online Time and Task management service, with online service and Mobile apps. The DoIt API is a RESTful API that lets users access their DoIt data through GET or POST HTTP requests. The API lets users create and view tasks, view their contacts, and view their projects.
Trip planning service Transportation guide,planning,transit,travel,trip, Jeppesen provide charts, maps and planning solutions for aviation, marine and rail operators. The Jeppesen Journey Planner API lets developers integrate public transit information into their own website or mobile application. The service aggregates the latest transit schedules from around the world and provides users with access through a hosted API.   Public transit journeys are matched to integrated timetables, stop locations and trip geography, which can be displayed to customers directly within a user&#039;s own application. To date there are 58 data sets aggregated into 36 regions. Features of the API include: transit journey planning, walk journey planning, polyline trip representation, transit stop locations and more. The API uses RESTful and SOAP calls with responses formatted in XML and JSON.
Movie rental service Video dvd,video, The Netflix API lets you access data for 100,000 movie and TV episode titles on DVD as well as Netflix account access on a user?s behalf. Netflix has over 2 billion movie ratings in its database and Netflix ships more than 2 million DVDs on a typical day. The free API allows for commercial use. OAuth standard security to allow the subscriber to control which applications can access the service on his or her behalf.
Group gifting service Retail affiliate,deadpool,gifts,retail,shopping,social, LetsGiftIt is a service for group gifting. It allows eCommerce and other product and service providers to offer group gifting as an option to buy the goods or services. Users can use LetsGiftIt to buy a gift for someone socially, with other people.  The LetsGiftIt API allows developers to integrate LetsGiftIt functionality into other websites and eCommerce platforms. The main method of the API is creating and adding gifts, listing a title and description of the gift, and other details about the gift.
Desktop notification service Utility application,deadpool,desktop,notifications,utility, Adobe??? Wave??? is an Adobe AIR application and Adobe hosted service that work together to enable desktop notifications. It helps publishers stay connected to your customers and lets users avoid the email clutter of dozens of newsletters and social network update messages. Adobe Wave is a single web service call that lets publishers reach users directly on their desktop: there&#039;s no need to make them download a custom application or build it yourself. Adobe??? Wave??? is an Adobe AIR application and Adobe hosted service that work together to enable desktop notifications. It helps publishers stay connected to your customers and lets users avoid the email clutter of dozens of newsletters and social network update messages. Adobe Wave is a single web service call that lets publishers reach users directly on their desktop: there&#039;s no need to make them download a custom application or build it yourself.
Scientific and medical journals Reference deadpool,education,health,reference,science, DeepDyve is the largest online rental service for scientific, technical and medical research with over 30 million articles from thousands of authoritative journals. The DeepDyve API lets developers integrate its powerful search capabilities directly into their pages.   
Online payment processing service Payment creditcard,merchant,payment,retail,sales,shopping, PayZippy is an online payment service for merchants. PayZippy allows merchants to integrate payment processing functionality with their online stores, websites, and applications.   The PayZippy API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PayZippy with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact contactus@payzippy.com for more information. API access comes with merchant account service. 
U.K. road construction information service Transportation deadpool,mapping,route,traffic,transportation, The U.K. service provides timely information about roadworks and construction projects. It aggregates and repackages information from a number of sources, including government agencies under the Open Government License. Applications can use the information to coordinate local construction activities, manage emergency response near construction zones, or influence route optimization for traffic mapping and similar applications.  API methods support search by location for road construction underway and planned. Methods also support mapping of construction projects, with further access to relevant data about each project.
Assorted Taiwanese internet tools and services Tools code,deadpool,internet,messaging,taiwan,tools, ASPonline is a Taiwanese software service provider that offers a variety of simple APIs. Some are site-specific, such as one that allows ASPonline users to retrieve their stored balance of points. A more general-purpose set of services lets users query a specified domain registration, obtain an IP address, obtain the country of origin for a specified IP address, and get the current network time.  A messaging service lets users send an English-language text message of no more than 70 words to a recipient within the Taiwan region. A security service lets users encrypt and decrypt a string, the length of which cannot be more than 1K. Another service translates code from C# to VB.NET (code length may not exceed 30K).  All of these services are accessible using SOAP calls issued in XML format. The website and all API documentation are provided solely in Chinese.
Marketplace for freelancers Job Search jobs,recruiting,sbweb, oDesk is a marketplace for online workteams, with a unique business model for both buyers and providers that looks to guarantee to buyers that an hour billed is an hour worked, while guaranteeing to providers that an hour worked is an hour paid.   The oDesk public API allows developers to access the oDesk platform from outside oDesk.com, search jobs and providers and view detailed work histories of others on your team. Also check your messages and reply to important messages via the API.
Online mapping service Mapping image,mapping,maps,Service,Web, Nokia&#039;s Map Image API is a web service API that offers easy and fast access to pre-rendered map images for all regions of the world. You can use this service to display a specific geographical position and points of interest. To retrieve a map image, the user formulates a request that combines the URL and a set of parameters to specify details such as position, radius, zoom level, map type, etc. A request, consisting of a URL and parameters, can be shared via SMS, and you can embed the resulting map images in your own applications
Reference data for active and mature bonds Financial financial,stocks, Provides instrument master detail and supporting reference data for more than 450,000 US Corporate, Treasury, and Agency active and mature bonds. Coverage includes bond master detail, as well as, issue conditions, interest, payment, conversion, and call/redemption data.  API uses REST and SOAP protocols and XML data format.
Find and map a variety of local information including blog posts, art gallery reviews, real estate listings, police reports. null blog,mapping,news, Find and map a variety of local information including blog posts, art gallery reviews, real estate listings, police reports.
Climate tracking data service Weather climate,weather, The service gives access to accumulated data on climate for locations worldwide but with emphasis on the continental United States. Data sum conditions recorded annually, by month, by day, and even hourly. Available data include recorded temperatures, normal temperature ranges, heating and cooling degree days, precipitation, and drought conditions.   API methods support retrieval of data for a specified time range, annual, monthly, daily, or hourly. Requests specify dataset, locations and location types, reporting stations, and particular data elements to be returned.
Investigational drugs data Reference health,reference,science, Thomson Reuters gathers data about investigational drugs to provide developers access to pharmaceutical research. The Thomson Reuters Pharma API allows searching of the company&#039;s database. You can filter and rank results, receive briefings about investigational drugs and more. Companies can use the API to create dashboards and competitive intelligence matrices for companies to make sense of the pharmaceutical data.
Photo sharing and poll service Photos mobile,photo,polls,social, Photopoll is an application that allows users to take and share photos for instant feedback from their friends and followers. Users can take photos, customize them, share them with their friends, and poll their friends for their feedback.  The Photopoll API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Photopoll to build other applications. Some example API methods include listing and creating polls, accessing votes on polls, listing friends and users, and creating and showing comments.
Online web editor Tools tools,webdesign, JsFiddle is an online web development editor, a playground for web developers. The tool can be used in many ways, such as an online editor for HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Developers add their bits of code into boxes for each type. These snippets are called &quot;fiddles&quot; in the jsFiddle system. The jsFiddle API provides access to the fiddles created by the jsFiddle users.
Business locator and review service Search directory,mapping,places,search,shopping,uk, The TouchLocal online business directory, touchlocal.com, offers blanket UK coverage and contains over 2.4 million business listings. It attracts 4 million unique visitors a month who in-turn undertake 6 million searches.  This API is a RESTful service that exposes TouchLocal.com&#039;s entire database of local businesses for use by developers. Included in the resource is information about the business location, address and contact details, rating, image locations and, optionally, the content of user reviews which have been made about the business, and special offers which the business is known to be offering.
Online streaming video service Video streaming,television,video, CoolStreaming is a service that allows users to select and aggregate television shows from around the world. CoolStreaming offers open access to key parts of the CoolStreaming TV/Video repository and user community, via an open API interface. Using the API users can integrate online TV/videos from CoolStreaming&#039;s  repository into their application. The API uses a RESTful protocol and allows users to integrate TV/videos into a blog or homepage. Responses are formatted in XML.
Music sharing service Music music,organization,sharing, Musicplayr is a bookmarking app for usersa?? favorite music from around the Internet. The app allows users to compile playlists of links to websites like SoundCloud, YouTube, and Vimeo. Users can either copy and paste links into their playlists, or add them via a bookmarklet while browsing the web. They can also follow other usersa?? playlists and activity. The API exposes some of data stored within the service. This data includes user profiles, track lists, and timelines. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML, JSON, and PHP.
Travel insurance service Travel Insurance,travel,uk, The UK service provides travel insurance, either directly or via resellers on commission. It offers add-on trip insurance to travel booking products, with automated rate quotes and completion of policy issuing and management.   API methods support submission of a quote request specifying travel dates, destination, and trip duration, along with issuance of a policy based on the quote. Methods also support retrieving information about a previously issued policy and cancellation of a policy.
Online meeting service Enterprise conference,meetings,office,video, GoToMeeting by Citrix Online is an online meeting service that allows users to have online meetings with up to 25 people. GoToMeeting allows for video conferencing, attending online meetings by smart phones, desktops, and tablets, and audio conferencing.   The GoToMeeting API allows developers to integrate GoToMeeting functionality with other services and applications. Some example API methods include creating meetings, accessing attendee and organizer information, and updating information on meetings, organizers, and attendees. 
Bitcoin Payment Service Financial bitcoin,currency,exchange,financial,payment,trading, Paysius is a bitcoin payment service that allows customers to use bitcoins to pay merchants. The service offers zero risk of chargeback or payment reversal of any kind due to the use of bitcoin. The Paysius API uses REST calls and returns JSON. The API allows users to make queries to get new bitcoin addresses, send bitcoins, get bitcoin balances. An account is required with service, and an API key is used for authentication
Swedish public transportation SMS ticket price information Transportation sms,sweden,tickets,transportation, V?sttrafik is the second-largest public transportation company in Sweden. Customers have the option of purchasing tickets online in the form of SMS for their iPhones or Android devices. The V?sttrafik API enables users to look up the SMS code and price of the ticket they want. This service uses SOAP calls issued in XML format. The V?sttrafik website is provided primarily in Swedish with English translations available for some sections.
Image manipulation service Photos manipulation,photo, Magickly is an image manipulation service. The hosted version of the app, magickly.heroku.com acts as the base URL, then the image URL is appended to the query string as a src=, followed by any of the supported operations.
Electronic music downloads Music database,music, Beatport is the leader of electronic music downloads delivering content in premium-encoded formats. Beatport.com allows users to access the world of club music through secure, legal, hi-speed, high quality downloads in MP3, MP4 and WAV formats on a pay per download basis from a library of the world&#039;s leading independent labels. The Beatport API provides users with access to the data in the Beatport catalog. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Mobile payment service Payment customer,deadpool,merchant,mobile,payment, Paidpiper is mobile payment platform. Paidpiper allows businesses to collect and manage payments and customers to make payments and get digital receipts.   The Paidpiper API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Paidpiper with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email info@paidpiper.com for more information. 
Ruby cloud application platform Internet cloud,development,hosting,ruby, Heroku API is used for manually manipulating Heroku apps. Heroku is a cloud application platform for Ruby giving developers a new way of building and deploying web apps. The service lets app developers spend 100% of their time on their application code, not managing servers, deployment, ongoing operations, or scaling.  The RESTful API lets users manage and deploy Rails apps to the Heroku  platform. Responses are formatted in XML. 
U.S. government job search service Job Search federal,government,jobs,search, USASearch is a service provided by the U.S. General Services Administration (GSA). It hosts the USASearch Jobs API, which allows users to access a list of current job openings with federal, state, and local government agencies. Jobs are searchable by keyword, location, agency, schedule, or any combination thereof. The API operates via REST calls issued in JSON format.
Online advertising management services Advertising advertising,enterprise,marketing, From their site: OpenX is the open source ad server that now has an API, which allows you to manage accounts and banner inventory, grab statistics, and generate banner tags. Use the new OpenX API to write scripts which control the ad server. Integrate OpenX with your applications, automate common administration tasks or generate custom reports.
Equities screening service Financial financial,stocks, The Screener web service allows users to screen more than 10,000 U.S. and Canadian equities based on over 200 criteria as well as search on any combination of parameters. Users get access to pre-market and post-market data and behavior. They can also look up books of orders. The API uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Mapping Service Mapping display,mapping,openstreetmap,vizualization, MapBox is a suite of open source mapping tools. This API can be used to create interactive maps using a wide range of file formats and databases. It also allows users to host their maps so that they can be embedded on webpages and shared with a wider audience. All maps created using MapBox are compatible with Android and iOS devices.
Mobile advertising network Advertising advertising,mobile, Use the Simple Ad GetMobile API to build apps for the this mobile ad network, called the GetMobile Network. Sign up to obtain docs. Monetization opportunities are available.
Business model taxonomy Reference business,database,deadpool,reference, The Business Model Project is a collaborative open-source business model taxonomy accessible through a database. The site is based on Mediawiki software, but uses the Semantic MediaWiki extension to structure data. The API provides direct, high-level access to the data contained in MediaWiki databases. Client programs can log in to a wiki, get data, and post changes automatically by making HTTP requests to the web service. Developers should visit the API Sandbox to view the available options. 
Internet of Things sensing service Internet internet,sensors,things, Sense Tecnic is a software company that develops technologies for the Internet of Things (IoT). WoTkit is Sense Tecnic&#039;s web centric sensing platform that makes it easy to connect real-world objects to the Internet. The system serves as a sensor data aggregator, remote control, dashboard and data processing tool.  Sense Tecnic provides a RESTful API for WoTkit that allows developers to connect to and use real world sensor data in their own applications. Example API methods include sensors, sensor subscriptions, sensor fields, and sensor data. The API uses both Keys with basic authentication and Applications with OAuth2 authorization to control access to user&#039;s sensors and their data.
Online contact manager and CRM Enterprise contacts,enterprise,office, From their site: Online contact manager and simple CRM. Keep track of who your business talks to, what was said, and what to do next.
SMS messaging service Messaging messaging,mobile,sms, My Mobile API allows users to send and receive SMS from any website or application using the My Mobile API messaging gateway. My Mobile API provides a wide variety methods for sending SMS, including HTTP Get/POST, SMPP, FTP, web services, SQL, email-to-SMS, and Outlook 2010 SMS. Some of these methods are more suited to low-volume use while others are designed for high-volume messaging campaigns.
Unofficial London transit service Transportation transit,travel,uk,unofficial, Tube Updates provides a basic way for users to access the data from the Transport For London site. The unofficial API allows developers to instantly query what state the London Tube network is in. This also includes the Docklands Light Railway and features the individual messages that each line has in order to specify exactly why there is a delay or if any stations are closed, etc. Users can also search back through the various status changes over time so that they can build applications such as reliability graphs or time checkers. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML, JSON or JSONP.
Consumer electronics review site Recommendations electronics,recommendations,reviews,shopping, gdgt is a consumer electronics review site. They provide consumers information on gadgets and apps culled from numerous other sources on the web. The reviews, from reputable sites such as CNET and TechRadar, are aggregated and their scores averaged to provide balanced score. Users can browse by type of gadget and popularity or search by keyword. Their API exposes their data to developers by requrest for partnership.
Bulk SMS service Messaging messaging,sms, VodaText is an SMS delivery service that provides bulk SMS services in multiple languages. They can deliver to 800 mobile networks covering 200 countries. Users can get delivery reports to confirm the delivery of messages in real-time as well as receive replies to messages in their inboxes. VodaText also provides a number validation service for checking the status of mobile numbers. Users can access VodaText&#039;s messaging capabilities programmatically via REST API.
Mobile phone product search service Shopping mobile,phone,search,shopping, Your application can use the Mobile Phone Megastore API to search for mobile phones. Partners and other developers can then publish this information on their websites.  The main benefits of the mobile phone API Web Service is that you can access just the data you require without downloading the entire product database. This allows you to easily publish the data on your website needing to separately process the XML.
Project time tracking services Project Management enterprise,mobile,project-management, 88 Miles lets you rrack time by punching in and punching out to auto-generate timesheet data, optionally generate invoices, tag and categorize staff, track projects, receive overbudget notifications, and more. Mobile functionality available. Programmatically access your account&#039;s data.
Website thumbnail generation service Tools internet,screenshot,thumbnail,tools, PagePeeker provides thumbnail generation services that can create screenshots of web sites. The PagePeeker API allows users to fetch website thumbnails server side, or embed thumbnails in their web pages. Functionality includes letting users know if a thumbnail is ready for display and embedding an image URL on a web site. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Consumer product data service Retail consumer,discounts,product,retail,shopping, Syndicate Plus is a market leader in providing consumer product data. The API offers third parties the ability to search products and gain access to detailed information about any given consumer product, including brand and manufacturer information, product images and nutritional values.  Along with core product data, Syndicate Plus is a market leader in providing information about new products on the market, product discounts and special offers and consumer reviews. In future releases the API will enable third-party developers to further tap into this wealth of consumer product goods data.
Business and career networking site Social business,india,jobs,social, ApnaCircle is a business and career networking site based in India. Users can access job listings, connect with colleagues, classmates, and peers, and join online communities based on interests and industries.  The ApnaCircle API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ApnaCircle in other applications and services. Some example API methods include setting alerts for jobs and users, accessing messages, searching jobs and schools, and searching users. 
Embedded player advanced controls Video embed,video, Vimeo is a website that allows users to view other peoples&#039; videos and upload their own for others to see. No advertisements are added before, during, or after users&#039; videos, and basic accounts are free.  The Vimeo JavaScript API allows users to control playback for an embedded Vimeo player, modify the embedded player, or retrieve information on the current status of playback or the player. When a video is embedded using the Universal Embed Code, developers can control it using a mini JS library called Froogaloop, or they can interact with the API manually by sending serialized JSON objects. A previously available version of the API intended for Flash players has been deprecated.
Collaborative event calendar Events calendar,deadpool,events, The Upcoming.org REST API is available for non-commercial use by developers to build applications by providing access to all public information stored in Upcoming&#039;s databases. Upcoming.org is a collaborative event calendar, completely driven by people like you. Enter in the events you&#039;re attending, comment on events entered by others, and syndicate event listings to your own weblog. The set of methods provided allow for manipulating and extracting data from Upcoming.org with simple HTTP GET and POST requests in a RESTful fashion. All responses are formatted in XML.
News article text extraction tool Tools extraction,semantic,text,tools, The Diffbot Article API is used to to extract clean article text from article web pages. It&#039;s powerful when combined with the permalinks that are extracted by the above APIs. The Diffbot Article API takes in as input any news story page. Statistical machine learning algorithms are run over all of the visual elements on the page to extract out the article text and associated metadata, such as its images, videos, and tags. If the article spans multiple pages, Diffbot will follow the next pages to get the whole article. There is also experimental support for extracting reader comments.
Precious metal prices and currency rates Financial currency,financial,gold,metals, SpotPrices.biz is a web service providing price data for gold, silver and other metals, as well as currency rates. The SpotPrices.biz API provides developer access to price data. The API is accessed via HTTP POST calls. SpotPrices.biz provides a limited free API or unlimited access through a paid membership.
Web site monitoring service Internet internet,monitoring, The WatchMouse service checks the behavior and availability of websites. WatchMouse allows site owners to optimize the internet experience of their customers.  A worldwide network checks websites from 40 different locations in 25 countries around the globe.  The API provides access to data collected via the service, access to monitoring settings, and direct commands to check a site.
Zip code lookup service Reference address,mapping,postal,reference, The ZIP Codes API from STANDS4 uses REST calls to enable you to get the US location behind the zip code in XML format.  
Healthcare practice management system Medical business,healthcare,medical,office, Cliniko is web-based practice management software that is used by healthcare practitioners around the world. It is accessible from most devices that connect to the internet, including phones, tablets, Macs, and PCs. Cliniko can be used to manage appointments and, if the practitioner wants to, allows patients to book appointments themselves. It also keeps track of treatment notes and financial accounts. Cliniko comes with reporting functions that give an overview of how the practice is doing, and it offers integrations with other specialty applications.  The Cliniko API allows users to manage their appointments, businesses, practitioners, and patients from other applications and systems via REST calls.
Facebook Social Graph API Social social, From documentation: At Facebook&#039;s core is the social graph; people and the connections they have to everything they care about. The Graph API presents a simple, consistent view of the Facebook social graph, uniformly representing objects in the graph (e.g., people, photos, events, and pages) and the connections between them (e.g., friend relationships, shared content, and photo tags).  Public information can be accessed without a developer key/application key, but is required for private data access.
Real estate website & marketing service Real Estate marketing,realestate,website, Placester is a service for real estate websites and real estate marketing. Placester offers tools to customize real estate websites using themes and other features to integrate into Wordpress websites.  The Placester API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Placester with Wordpress websites. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. 
Energy management and conservation service Government energy,environment,government,reference, The free web service from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) promotes sharing of data on energy use and facility energy-consumption information. It interacts with EPA&#039;s Portfolio Manager software tool to help applications provide energy and building data as part of the Energy Star energy performance rating. This benchmarking supports development of environmental performance metrics.   API methods support management of Energy Star rating status, updating of building and energy meter information, and retrieval of benchmarking data for local comparisons. Methods also support management of ABS program user account information.
Mutual fund holdings disclosure service Financial finance,stocks, The XigniteFundHoldings API lets you access securities holdings by U.S. mutual funds disclosed in SEC forms  N-Q and N-CS. You can search by fund companies, get the top 5, 10, and 20 holdings, get the security holders, and more.
Online gaming portal Games games,localization,social, Spil Games is a games publisher and online global gaming portal. Spil Games focuses on reaching local audiences with localized content and encouraging gamer loyalty through social gaming as strategies to differentiate and tailor our gaming content to our players??? needs.  The API lets developers implement these strategies into their games using three main functions.   1) It enables games to seamlessly integrate into the Spil portfolio of websites.   2) It handles the implementation of localization and branding for the various Spil Games websites, so that the branding and language displayed to the end user are correct if a game is listed on multiple websites.  3) It enables games to interact with the social features of the Spil Games sites including handling the submission of the awards, high scores, and other social features.   Full public documentation is not available but developers can contact licensing@spilgames.com for more information.
Social app development platform Social events,facebook,location,mobile,sms,social, Proxomo is a cloud infrastructure solution specifically designed with mobile developers in mind. The tool kit is for social location aware applications. The Proxomo services help developers realize results faster and cheaper by allowing them to focus on the mobile app or website freeing them from worrying about developing connections to external services and rolling a scalable server infrastructure for hosting. Proxomo???s API allows third-party developers to leverage this platform in any given social context.  Proxomo helps developers store application data, interact with events (invitations), access friend graph information (currently from Facebook), geocode users via IP or address, store and access location data, create SMS notifications and storing user preferences and data.  The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Online profiles for physical objects Database database, Evrythng is an internet software and services company providing a unique online identity and profile for any physical object. The Evrythng platform lets customers create an active digital presence for any sort of physical object and to share information about these real things in realtime. Evrythng offers a RESTful API toolkit to allow developers to share, manage and access real-time information about objects. Restponses are formatted in JSON. Currently the API is in closed beta. 
Hacker News mobile post retrieval service News mobile,news,unofficial, This API has been developed by Gleb Popov for the Hacker News Droid app, but it is also being used by iOS, Android, and MobileWeb apps. The API is built in Python and makes use of the Hacker News Search API as well as data scraping. The Hacker News Droid App API can be used to retrieve homepage news, Ask HN content, or the newest or best posts. It can also retrieve submissions by user, or comments and data by Post ID.
Opinion and social influence rating service Social influence,opinion,politics,social, The service provides for comparison of opinions expressed online in blog posts and statements on social networking sites. It allows for linking and comparisons among statements on a topic to trigger evaluation of persuasive effect and influence on the opinions of others. The goal of the service is to foster dialogue and comparison among statements of opinion in a way that captures attention of audiences interested in a topic, including public officials and other decision makers.  API methods support definition and interaction with application domains. Methods allow creation and management of user listings and applications associated with those users along with topic and category tags to match statements of opinion about the same matter. The API also handles comments on statements of opinion logged with the service.
Personal data platform Social Data,nodejs,personal,python,social,tools, Singly is a data management service. They provide APIs for developers building apps that require personal and social data. The API exposes data aggregation functionality for retrieving usersa?? information from personal and social media sources. This allows developers to integrate multiple third-party data accession functionality in their apps. The API is RESTful and returns JSON-encoded data.
Sportswear store product listing service Retail clothing,retail,sports, Prep Sportswear is an online sportswear store that sells custom high school apparel as well as vintage and pro sports apparel. They also sell clothing bearing the names of golf courses, fraternities, sororities, branches of the military, and more. Prep Sportswear provides a SOAP API that allows users to retrieve lists of available products for a school or team.
Social Media Monitoring API Social api,media,monitoringsocial,social, Samepoint has released Version 2 of its Social Media Monitoring API. This commercial API now provides simpler means for a developer to monitor any term in the Social Universe.  Many data services provide a hose of information, leaving the responsibility to save and search data on the developer&#039;s side. The Samepoint Monitoring API only gives you, the developer, what you need. With its advanced search functions, it adds a new element in creating Monitoring Tools..  Up until this point, there has been a separation between the data stream and the application. The Samepoint Monitoring API allows the developer to tell the API what to monitor. As such, more focus can be put on the tool and not the aggregation of data, creating a lower cost in resources and time to create a monitoring tool..  How does it Work? In the scenario of creating a tool to monitor BrandX, a marketer may want to see what the general public is saying. BrandX may not get much chatter, but when it does, the marketer needs to know. In the hose method, a tool would have to look at the hose stream and capture what comes down. This is great for real time transactions. If the data is not time sensitive and will be used or research, this method may be too resource intensive..  The Anit-Hose approach, of the Samepoint Monitoring API provides a daily update to all that was said and is available anytime to process. This allows the marketer to simply monitor Brandx and the developer on fast endpoint to make a client application fro the marketer. All the marketer has to do is provide the keywords to monitor. As a result, the API is much less expensive to access than a hose solution. It can be used on-demand or ongoing..  Getting the Keywords into the API The process to get the keywords monitored is accomplished via a simple REST call. Each API user is allowed up to 5 keywords to monitor. The Samepoint System will monitor the term daily and results are immediately available for processing.  Other Data For good measure, Samepoint Monitors the Brandz top 100 Brands, a very credible source for brand data. It also monitors top blogs in various verticals   
Shipping information application Shipping address,retail,shipping,shopping,tracking, Parsel is a shipment tracking service. Parsel provides tracking and verification information from multiple shipping carriers, such as FedEx, UPS, Shopify, and more.  The Parsel API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Parsel with other applications. Some example API methods include verifying addresses, comparing shipping rates, and creating shipping labels. 
Shipping and LTL freight service Shipping shipping,transportation,trucks, The service provides a clearinghouse for truck transportation information, including available carriers, rates, and loads, both full and less-than-truckload (LTL). Trucking companies can offer services and find loads suited to their capabilities, while shippers can identify potential transportation providers and post their loads for delivery offers. The service allows both truckers and shippers to benchmark spot rates and investigate provider and shipper qualifications.  API methods support integration with transportation management systems (TMS) and load dispatching applications. Methods also support access to the provider&#039;s rate and load databases for benchmarking current terms against market standards.
Office management service tool Enterprise enterprise,helpdesk,office,sbweb, OffiServ is a service that delivers to Small and Medium Enterprises a set of processes solving common office problems and impediments, without a necessity to design own processes or to buy BPM software. By using OffiServ companies can improve their employees efficiency. OffiServ offers process support in service desk, resources, purchasing, employee address book, employee leaves, HR services and secretary.  OffiServ API is an open API that allows access to the service using programming interface. Developers can acquire data from the service, manipulate it and also invoke actions. OffiServ API is based on REST model and uses JSON for data formats.  It&#039;s currently in Beta.
Big data analytics for retail Tools analytics,bigdata,deadpool,retail,tools, Predictive Edge is a big data management solution. It is a multi-purposed suite of information gathering and processing for retailers. Its real-time and predictive data modeling helps retailers dynamically retool their price structure. The suites infrastructure consists of a database that processes new information and reports on a GUI dashboard. The Predictive Edge API exposes the database and information processing functionality of the infrastructure. It is a RESTful API that retirns JSON-encoded data.
Music streaming, download, radio and playlist service Music downloads,ecommerce,mp3,music,streaming, The Play.me API helps developers to plug into nearly 6 million* song catalog and create new and innovative web, mobile and desktop widgets and applications allowing music fans to do even more with the music they love (album, artists, playlists, radio, stream, download and more). there are different integration level, non commercial, affiliate program and partnership.  *Depending on territory.
Online affiliate programs Shopping shopping, The Commission Detail Service is a REST-based API that enables advertisers and publishers to access real-time commission and item-detail data. Advertisers and publishers that wish to receive commission reporting updates in near real-time or to request new commission data on a regular basis can use this API to create in-house tools that access real-time commission data from the CJ network. Developers may search by any number of criteria including price, currency, country, serviceable area and UPC. A SOAP API is also available but will eventually be deprecated.
Cloud based ITIL Service Management Internet cloud,helpdesk,internet, LiveTime???s Web Services Interface enables third party applications to interact directly with the LiveTime application in a secure and controlled fashion. LiveTime Software is a vendor of Cloud based ITIL Service Management and Help Desk software. The API allows developers to authenticate users, retrieve user, item and organiztion info and more. It uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Questions and answers service Answers answers, Ask and answer questions on your own Q&A site. While other Q&A websites are good for information sharing and communities, Qhub wants to offer a targeted community managed by the people that are interested in that particular subject area. Use a subdomain of qhub.com or your own hostname. The API supports question lists, asking questions and answering questions.
Always-connected chat service Chat chat, IRCCloud is an IRC (Internet Relay Chat) client that operates in-browser. It is designed to always be connected and able to receive messages, even when the user&#039;s browser is closed and their computer is offline. Users can access IRCCloud from multiple computers at once without confusing the service. The service&#039;s design focuses on unobtrusive function, and it doesn&#039;t use graphical emoticons.  The IRCCloud API allows users to access the service programmatically via REST calls. Only secure access is supported. The API is functional, but still under development. Its methods, responses, and message formats are subject to change at any time.
Multiplayer game platform Games flash,games,opensocial, From their site: Have a web page somewhere? Take any of our games and put the game directly into your page. Sometimes it&#039;s fun to play by yourself. Usually it&#039;s more fun to play with other people, even if you&#039;re just competing for the best score. That&#039;s why we also provide the back-end infrastructure that makes it easy to create Macromedia Flash-based multi-player, networked games. You don&#039;t need to worry about managing users, games, databases, servers, data storage and routing, presence, chat, or any of that other stuff. Write to our ActionScript API or use one of our frameworks, and we handle it all for you, for free. Leaving you to concentrate on creating a great game. 
Website speed scores and optimization Internet internet,monitoring,website, Page Speed is an open-source project to help developers optimize their web pages by analyzing the pages and generating tailored suggestions to make the pages faster. Developers can use the Page Speed Online API to programatically generate Page Speed scores and suggestions. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON and JSONP.
South Korean telecom company Internet cloud,internet,south-korea, KT is South Korea&#039;s leading telecom company and among their products is the ucloud public cloud service. The KT ucloud is a public cloud service serving the Asia-Pacific region. It delivers resources including infrastructre, platform and software for on demand elastic computing. The RESTful API can be used for managing user creation and storage information as well as creation and management of file boxes.  
Mobile data visualization platform Tools analytics,Data,deadpool,mobile,tools,visualization, Lucky Sort provides a data analysis platform. It allows developers, marketers, and other interested parties representing companies monitor trends pertaining to their business. With Lucky Sorta??s Topic Watch platform, users can construct phrase sets, like keywords, to monitor trends of interest. The results are displayed graphically with the potential to be viewed on mobile devices and can be scaled. The API exposes a layer of data analysis customization between the data and the R programming language. 
Keyword information tool Search keyword,metadata,search, Begun as a research project from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology and the University of Technology Dresden, WebKnox is an ontology-driven fact extraction engine built to provide direct, fast, and complete answers to questions on any topic a user can think of. To answer a question WebKnox uses external services that might have previously provided an answer or computes an answer using its knowledge base. If those options fail, WebKnox tries to find an answer on the fly. WebKnox hosts a suite of REST APIs delivering a range of web services. The WebKnox Keywords API provides developer access to keyword data such as how often they are searched and how many competing pages are on Google. The API can also return a list of related keywords. 
Aggregated weather forecast service Weather energy,environment,weather, The service provides aggregated 3-day weather forecasts for several surface measurements of meteorological conditions, including wind speed and direction, barometric pressure, temperature, relative humidity, and precipitation. It also provides forecasts of solar irradiance. Estimates are updated every 3 hours. The data come from the National Centers for Environmental Prediction, part of the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).  API methods support designation of a location by latitude, longitude, and elevation along with the types of weather observations desired. The API returns aggregated forecasts for the specific meterological measures at the requested location.
Map image creation service Mapping display,image,mapping, The Yahoo! Maps Map Image API allows you to get a URL pointing to a graphic of a map generated according to the parameters you specify.
3D Avatar Creation Service Games 3d,Avatar,games, Digimi provides 3d avatar creation tools, for gaming or personal use. Users can also create animated clips with these avatars.  The Digimi Gizmo API allows developers to use the Digimi/Gizmo functionality in their own applications.  The API can be used as a Server-to-Server application, an Application-to-Server application, or a Browser-to-Server application. 
Mobile application backend service Backend application,baas,backend,mobile,social, QuickBlox is a cloud-hosted backend solution service for mobile applications. QuickBlox allows users to integrate their various functionalities, such as location and chat, into mobile applications.  The QuickBlox API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of QuickBlox with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing users, creating and managing content, and retrieving location information.
Quran text and audio Reference audio,islam,reference,religion,text, Global Quran provides free web access to the Quran in text and audio, in many languages, and with features allowing users to browse and search verses. The Global Quran API provides developer access to the sitea??s representation of the Quran and supporting features. The API is capable of returning the complete Quran or specified surah, juz, or ayah. Responses are JSON formatted.
Hosted database accessible from JavaScript Database database, NextDB is a hosted database accessible from JavaScript. Unlike a traditional database, NextDB does not require installation. A NextDB account lets you can create as many databases as you like. Entire database apps can be written in HTML and JavaScript.
Online identity authentication services Internet authentication,blog,deadpool,internet,OpenID,social, The FreeYourID.com API lets you programmatically give your users or yourself a customized .name profile, which can be used as a simpler way to manage email addresses, blog addresses, social network profiles, and web site addresses. FreeYourID.com provides online identity simplification services.  Consolidate your online life by using one .name instead of numerous .com URLs, email addresses, or numerous usernames and passwords. Supports OpenID.
Equity and options trading platform Financial financial,stocks, Tradier is a brokerage platform for equity and options trading. It is designed to provide simple, intuitive, and inexpensive ways for users to place trades, check their balances, and transfer money. Tradier provides a RESTful API for accessing the platform&#039;s trading functions, account services, and real-time and historical market data.
Html to plain text conversion tool Tools html,internet,tools, Markdown is a plain text formatting syntax. A Markdownifier is a tool that converts html to Markdown, using an algorithm to determine what part of the page is of interest, resulting in a plain text representation of a page. Marky is a Markdownifier created by designer and writer Brett Terpstra. The Marky API provides developer access to the Markdownifier.
Embed interactive maps on websites Mapping charts,display,geocoding,mapping,mobile,tile, MapLarge offers an API to embed interactive maps on a website, blog or news story. MapLarge is the creator of some of the largest Google Maps implementations on the Internet. MapLarge uses patent pending methods to create simple map visualizations from complex data. With the API users can geocode upto 2,000 records daily for free. Datasets mapped with the geocoder can be mapped on top of Google Maps, Bing, ESRI or Open Street Maps. The API uses RESTful protocol.
Integration service for TeleNav maps Mapping display,geocoding,mapping,viewer, The TeleNav AJAX Maps API allows developers to integrate TeleNav&#039;s online maps into their own Web applications. This API uses Javascript and DHTML to allow developers to mashup their applications with TeleNav maps. The maps services are supplied through a TMapService object, which provides the services of geocoding, reverse-geocoding, and routing search.
Calendar service Calendar calendar,events, The Calendar Data API lets users perform most of the operations a normal Google Calendar user can on the Google Calendar website. Google Calendar allows client applications to view and update calendar events in the form of Google data API, GData, feeds. The Calendar Data API lets users incorporate Calendar functionality into their own application or website. Users can edit calendars, create and delete events, query for events that match particular criteria, send invitations, and more.  There are many possible uses for the Calendar data API. For example, users can create a web front end for a group calendar that uses Google Calendar as a back end. Or a public calendar can be generated for Google Calendar to display, based on a company event database. Or users can search relevant calendars to display a list of upcoming events on those calendars.
Artificial intelligence service Tools ai,tools, Google Prediction API brings the power of machine learning to anyone. Upload your data and build a model to train the system by showing it the right answer for known items. When the system is trained, you can have it make predictions. All of these stages can be accessed via the API.
Twitter Metrics and Analytics Social deadpool,social,Twitter, InfoChimps is a data marketplace where publishers and owners of datasets can charge for their usage.  The InfoChimps Twitter API is a suite of Twitter measurements based on a growing 1.6 billion tweet, 55 million user data set. The calls provide users with metrics such as Twitter user reputation ranks, a user&#039;s 100 most characteristic words, top 100 users a user interacts with on Twitter and more.   The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON or JSONP.
Shopping cart service Shopping shopping, Pinnacle Cart is a shopping cart service that can either be installed on your own server or hosted for a monthly fee. The Pinnacle Cart API provides read-only access to a number of functions which return data within the Pinnacle Cart system. You can retrieve customer count, individual customers, inventory and information on orders. There are also product-related functions to return data about products, as well as the categories used to organize them.  The service supports both true SOAP and a SOAP-like RESTful protocols (focused on remote procedure calls rather than resources). For the latter protocol, Pinnacle Cart supports both XML and JSON.
Flight Schedules and Airport Lookup Service Travel deadpool,flight,travel, FlightLookup by GoldenWare provides information on flight schedules, airport timetables, flight metadata, codeshare information, flight routing and airport terminal information for commercial airline flights. Pricing for the FlightLookup RESTful API is based on the developer&#039;s monthly commitment level, number of hits to the server, per month and the update frequency of the data (weekly or monthly).
Augmented reality broswer Internet augmented-reality,internet,mobile, The Junaio Callback API allows users to interact with the Junaio server through four types of requests. Junaio is an advanced Augmented Reality browser. It acts as an instant source of information about places, events, bargains or objects located nearby. The API has the following methods: subscribe, search, event and visual search. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Parcel shipping service Shipping ecommerce,shipping, The service provides rate quotes, delivery estimates, label and shipping document creation, and pickup/delivery scheduling for parcel shipments related to e-commerce sales and other small package transactions. It automates interactions with a number of couriers to quote shipping rates and delivery terms offered, with ability to choose an available option, complete documents including address label and customs declarations, and schedule pickup. The service interacts with shippers for package tracking and delivery status inquiries.  API methods support submitting customer information, delivery address, shipment contents, and other particulars to generate shipping options from a list of available couriers. Methods also support shipping document creation, including bill of lading, and finalization of the shipping transaction. The API provides tracking number and other delivery status information.
French blogging service Blogging blog,french,vlog, EklaBlog is a French blogging site that is both ad-free and free to use. In addition to text-based blogs, EklaBlog also supports photo-blogs and vlogs. The EklaBlog API provides an alternate way of updating one&#039;s blog that can be used from mobile devices.  The site and API documentation are all in French.
Music streaming and playing service Music music,music-as-a-service,Player,radio,songs,streaming, Feed.fm is a music-as-a-service provider. Feed.fm offers solutions for licensing music for streaming and playing in other applications and on the Feed.fm radio.  The Feed.fm API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Feed.fm with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving songs and playing, pausing, skipping, and stopping songs, 
Video sharing and search Video media,video, The Data API allows users to integrate their program with YouTube and allow it to perform many of the operations available on the website. It provides the capability to search for videos, retrieve standard feeds, and see related content. A program can also authenticate as a user to upload videos, modify user playlists, and more.  This integration can be used for a variety of uses such as developing a web application allowing users to upload video to YouTube, or a device or desktop application that brings the YouTube experience to a new platform. The Data API gives users programmatic access to the video and user information stored on YouTube. This can be used to personalize a web site or application with the user&#039;s existing information as well as perform actions like commenting on and rating videos. This RESTful API provides responses in XML format.
Video game cheats and guides services Games games,video, From their site: The GamesRadar Developer API makes Games Radar&#039;s vast data set available to everyone free of charge. Currently this data includes full game information as well as lists of reviews, previews, news, features, screenshots, videos, cheats and guides.
Dubai Financial Market stock ticker service Financial dubai,finance,stocks,trading, The Dubai Financial Market (DFM) is a public institution that operates as a secondary market for trading securities, bonds, investment funds, and other financial instruments. The DFM provides the Ticker Data API, which allows users to retrieve ticker data from the site using SOAP calls issued in XML format. The DFM website is provided in English.
Online blog backup service Storage backup,blogging,cloud,storage, Carbonite is an online backup service allowing users to make secure and automatic backups of their hard drives. Users can restore lost files and access their backups from any computer or internet enabled device. The Carbonite Blog Importer allows users to import their blogs and perform basic management of it. Methods include adding posts and comments, retrieving files, handling files and images and more. It uses SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Estate Agency Service Real Estate deadpool,management,realestate,uk, Jupix is a web-based estate agency management service based in the United Kingdom. The Jupix API covers three functions of the Jupix online management service. The API will provide property details, track property inquiries from external sources, and integrate contacts into property mailing lists. 
File transfer service File Sharing file-sharing,research, Globus Online is a file transfer service designed specifically for researchers requiring access to files located on multiple devices. The REST-based Transfer API allows users to perform a number of Globus Online&#039;s file transferring functions programmatically. REST-accessible functions include submitting file transfer tasks, monitoring the progress of those tasks, managing file transfer endpoints, and listing remote directories.
UK health ratings service Recommendations health,medical,recommendations,reviews,uk, Patient Opinion is a UK organization that collects patients&#039; opinions about heath care and treatments they have recently received. Patient Opinion also offers a read-only API, intended to make it easier to spread and share the data stored on Patient Opinion.
Video hosting and playback optimization service Video hosting,playback,video, Vid.ly is a cloud-based video hosting service that, in addition to basic hosting services, is designed to optimize video playback for different devices and systems. Once a user provides source video, Vid.ly will host the content on their server, and convert the source video into 22 output renditions. When an end-user requests the video, Vid.ly detects the device and operating system they are using, and delivers the video best optimized for the playback environment.  The Vid.ly API operates over HTTP POST using XML, and offers methods for uploading, updating, and deleting videos. This web service also exposes functionality for gathering video playback statistics. Furthermore, users can manipulate the format parameters when uploading or updating videos to create custom video renditions based on their anticipated user needs.
Recipe search engine Food food,ingredients,metadata,recipes,search, Begun as a research project from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology and the University of Technology Dresden, WebKnox is an ontology-driven fact extraction engine built to provide direct, fast, and complete answers to questions on any topic a user can think of. To answer a question WebKnox uses external services that might have previously provided an answer or computes an answer using its knowledge base. If those options fail, WebKnox tries to find an answer on the fly.  WebKnox hosts a suite of REST APIs delivering a range of web services. The WebKnox Recipe API provides developer access to more than 100,000 recipes. The API is capable of searching or answering recipe-related questions using natural language, classifying recipes, finding similar recipes, and much more. The API can also deliver widgets for visualizing ingredients or price breakdowns, and creating recipe cards. 
Campaign Finance Data Government deadpool,government,news,politics, The Washington Post Campaign Finance API is a collection of resources that represent a fraction of what is available from the Federal Election Commission financial data. The API will eventually represent all of what the FEC has.  The FEC data is thorough, but is presented in a hard format to use. The API functionality is designed to alleviate that issue for the developer by abstracting the tougher data. This allows developers to build applications quickly instead of sifting through FEC data.
Electronic signature service Enterprise contract,enterprise,esignature,signature, Integrate eSignatures with a lightweight, REST-based API. Request signatures, check on the status of documents, use reusable forms, manage teams, and more. Free to use and easy to get startedHelloSign is a web based electronic signature service. The service lets users upload documents and add their signature or other text to them. Many file types are supported including doc, docx, pdf, jpg, txt and more. Developers can integrate eSignatures with a lightweight, REST-based API. The API allows users to request signatures, check on the status of documents, use reusable forms, manage teams, and more. Responses are formatted in JSON.
Search engine marketing service Advertising advertising,deadpool,marketing,search, The Ask Sponsored Listings API exposes some of the functionality of the Ask Sponsored Listings service to developers. It allows ad providers to create & manage their ads to be distributed across the ASL publisher network. Ask Sponsored Listings is the search engine marketing extension of Ask.com. Ask Sponsored Listings offers advertisers, agencies, and search engine marketers an effective keyword search marketing tool reaching 73 million unique users, while also providing a lower cost per click and excellent customer service. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Government data Government Data,government,search, USASearch is a program of General Services Administrationa??s Office of Citizen Services and Information Technology (OCSIT) to improve access to government information. USASearcha??s Search Data API returns data allowing USASearch Affiliates to control the look and feel of their search results pages. Data include sections for search results, summary stats, boosted sites, spelling suggestions, and related searches, among other data.   Must be affiliated with a government agency to use this API and registration is required.
Blog search services Blog Search blog,deadpool,search, From their site: Technorati is the recognized authority on what is happening on the World Live Web, right now. The Live Web is the dynamic and always-updating portion of the Web. We search, surface, and organize blogs and the other forms of independent, user-generated content (photos, videos, voting, etc.) increasingly referred to as citizen media. 
Cloud storage service Storage cloud,internet,storage, Google Drive is a cloud based storage platform that lets users access their data, including files of any format, from any device or application that connects to the internet. The Google Drive SDK includes an HTTP API that lets developers integrate the files stored in a user&#039;s Drvie with their own third party applications. This gives users the ability to use multiple cloud apps to interact with their files that are stored in a single location in the cloud.
App communications on the cloud Telephony mobile,SDK,telephony,Voice,VoIP, The Rebtel Voice Platform makes it easy to add VoIP calling in any Android or iOS app:    - Quick to start: Make your first VoIP call from within your app in a few minutes. Free to start. - Easy to use. Add VoIP calling in your app with a few lines of code. No need to understand VoIP protocols like SIP or WebRTC media handling.  - iOS and Android. Both platforms supported.  - HD voice quality. Excellent call quality over 3G or Wi-Fi. - Well supported. Code examples, step-by-step instructions and documentations for iOS and Android available on http://developer.rebtel.com  - Proven. Technology used by millions of Rebtel users. 
Social book review service Social books,social, Readernaut is a free service that lets you write reviews, keep notes, make reading lists, track your reading progress and find your friends. Readernaut API is a RESTful API for integration with third party applications.
New Zealand search and business directory service Search directory,newzealand,search, The service gives access the content and functions of the provider&#039;s New Zealand-specific search and business directory website. Listings for businesses and places are returned matching a user-supplied keyword, and a find-nearest function highlights matches that are local to a specified location.  API methods accept a query term and result count to be displayed; returned data provide matching listings. Find-nearest methods add input for the location by latitude and longitude, then return location-specific matches.
Online and mobile social media community Social deadpool,mobile,social, The Zoopy API allows read/write access to the Zoopy video, photo and audio sharing platform to any registered users of the service. Zoopy is an online and mobile social media community. Users visit Zoopy to upload, share and discover videos, photos and audio. The goal is to enable sharing with family and friends from one Zoopy profile, at one URL, by bringing all three media types into one location.  The Zoopy API is a comprehensive, semi-RESTful API. Requests are made using regular GET or POST HTTP requests. Output from the API can be requested in either XML or JSON.
Address validation and geocoding services Mapping address,geocoding,location,mapping,places,validation, Service Objects is the industry leader in Real-Time Contact Validation solutions. Service Objects develops and delivers information solutions that improve the integrity of online transactions and lead verification. Each day businesses rely on Service Objects to validate hundreds of thousands of transactions to reduce fraud and increase conversion through data validation and enhancement of incoming leads, Web orders and customer lists.   Service Objects has verified more than a billion contact records - with reliability of 99.999 percent - for more than 1,900 customers in over 25 diverse industries including financial services, technology, communications, health care, insurance, leisure, utilities, e-commerce and government.
Search suggestion service Search search, The Related Suggestion service provides suggestions for queries related to the submitted query.
Biomedical concept identification service Reference biomedical,citations,reference,research, Becas is a web application, widget and API for biomedical concept identification. An ongoing research project developed by the University of Aveiro Bioinformatics group, becas helps researchers, healthcare professionals and developers in the identification of over 1,200,000 biomedical concepts in text and PubMed abstracts.   The becas API allows the integration of third party applications with becas. Use the API to to programmatically annotate text or PubMed abstracts with biomedical concepts. The API is RESTful, and returns results in JSON, XML, A1 or CoNLL. 
Online database service Database database, From their site: Amazon SimpleDB is a web service for running queries on structured data in real time. This service works in close conjunction with Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) and Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2), collectively providing the ability to store, process and query data sets in the cloud.
Travel booking service Travel airlines,booking,flight,hotel,travel,vacation, Travelocity is an online service for travel shopping. Users can search, browse, and book travel, such as airline tickets, hotels, and rental cars.  The Travelocity API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Travelocity with other applications and to create new applications. Documentation is available with login; interested developers can sign up for their API key and access here: http://connect.travelocity.com/.
Real estate pricing and valuations and mortgage rates Real Estate mortgage,realestate, The Zillow API Network turns member sites into mini real estate portals by offering fresh and provocative real estate and mortgage content to keep people coming back. There are four categories of APIs.  1) Home Valuation API: Search results list, Zestimate? home valuations, home valuation charts, comparable houses, and market trend charts.  2) Property Details API: Property-level data, including historical sales price and year, taxes, beds/baths, etc.  3) City and neighborhood market statistics and demographic data 4) Mortgage rates and monthly payment estimates
Project management software Project Management collaboration,enterprise,project-management,sbweb, WBP Systems Torch is a project management service that allows users to bid, collaborate, track resources and invoice. Using the API allows clients to interact with Torch programmatically. Torch&#039;s API is an XML based conversion between the programs. Every request is sent in XML, every response will be in XML. 
GPS tracking device communications service Mapping gps,mapping, The service logs communications between a GPS device and global positioning system satellites to allow analysis and interaction with its history of activity. An application can use the data to track movements and status of the device over time including definition of geozones within which it has reported status. Alerts can be configured based on variations from patterns of device activity accumulated.  API methods support uploading both event and status data exchanged between a a GPS device and a satellite. Methods allow either real-time access to data as it is logged or later retrieval of data accumulated over time. Data logged include most recent and historical position, events logged over time, distance traveled, etc.
Music discovery application Music discovery,music,songs,video, InternetDJ is an online and mobile music discovery and music listening application. InternetDJ lets users search for music and videos by artists, keywords, genre, and more.   The InternetDJ API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of InternetDJ with other applications and to build new applications. Some example API methods include requesting music by artists, genre, and top lists, retrieving songs by artists, and retrieving data about songs. 
Radio Station Information Service Music directory,music,radio,Station, RadioPing is a directory service for internet radio stations. The RadioPing API provides radio information to users. The API integration provides continually updated radio station information, arranged by location and genre, as well as the reliability and popularity for each radio station. RadioPing is offered as a RESTful web service that returns XML. An API Key can be obtained once a license contract has been completed, but a free public key is available for developers as a demo. 
Chat client Chat chat,social,widgets, Mibbit is an online chat client that can be embedded on third party websites. The Mibbit API allows users to gather information on their widget. The API can return information on the number of users on a widget and settings changes. It uses JavaScript protocol and responses are formatted in JSON, JSONP and PNG.
Product listing service Shopping shopping, Google allows merchants to list their products for web searchers to be able to access on Google or via the Google Shopping Search API. The Google Shopping Content API helps merchants and those whose clients are merchants manage their product data programmatically. Using the API, developers can post new items, edit existing items, or delete items, so that your current inventory remains searchable.
Question and answer site Answers answers,questions,tagging, Quora is a individual-focused question and answer site with an emphasis on tagging. You can follow users, questions and topics. The Quora API is an alpha release made specifically to help developers create browser extensions.
Uses the Livekick API to get you local concert recommendations. null concerts,deadpool,music,recommendations, Uses the Livekick API to get you local concert recommendations.
Real-time and historical traffic data Mapping mapping,realtime,route,traffic, HERE is a map provider whose maps can be found in car navigation systems, smartphones, and on the web. HERE offers developer access to a variety of map data and functionality through a series of REST APIs. The HERE Traffic API provides developer access millions of traffic flow sensors in major metropolitan areas worldwide. The API is capable of delivering real-time traffic data as incident or flow data, as well as historical speed patterns.
See me on Facebook null mobile,news,photo,social,telephony, See me on Facebook
Message enabling service Chat chat,deadpool,im,sms,telephony, Message enable your web site. Give your users access to features of your site from where ever they are. Note: You must sign-up for API details.  If you&#039;re interested in using the txtful technology platform to enable custom solutions please contact info@txtful.com. 
Database of US campaign contributions Government government,politics, From their site: Money in state politics plays a pivotal role in shaping public policy in individual states and across the nation. The nonpartisan Institute on Money in State Politics tracks contributions in all 50 states and makes this data easily searchable online?The Institute collects campaign-finance data for state-level candidates, party committees and ballot-measure committees in all 50 states. Each two-year election cycle, data-acquisition specialists compile more than 90,000 disclosure reports from more than 16,000 candidates in the states and process more than 3.2 million records of contribution information.   
Video streaming service Video streaming,video, Apideo is an API you can use to put video into your website. Apideo is about live streams, like video chats. Apideo brings users together so they can interact on the same web page.
News trivia game Games games,government,news,trivia, The Newseum is a museum in Washington DC that offers visitors five centuries of news history with cutting-edge technology and hands-on exhibits. NewsMania is a news trivia game offered through the Newseum website. Players are given a series of multiple-choice trivia questions covering a variety of topics in current news. Questions from the game can be retrieved programmatically using the NewsMania API.
Blogging software Blogging blog, Rooted in a tradition of global participation, LiveJournal is on the forefront of personal publishing, community involvement, and individual expression.  LiveJournal continues to deliver improved technologies and services to its members.
Book search Reference books,deadpool,reference,search, From their site: Developers who want more flexibility than the QuickLinks offer will appreciate the considerable power and freedom available in the use of the API calls.
3D printing object design tool Tools 3d,image,printing,tools, Tinkercad is a web-based tool for creating digital designs for 3D printing. Designs created in Tinkercad are stored in the cloud, and users can easily share their models and fork other peoples&#039; designs. Users can import 2D or 3D images into Tinkercad and treat them just like any other Tinkercad objects. Designs can be exported in a variety of formats, and Tinkercad is compatible with all 3D printers that accept the standard STL format. If users don&#039;t have their own 3D printer, they can print directly from Tinkercad using a third-party printing service.  Tinkercad provides a Shape Scripts interface, which allows users to create JavaScript programs to build 3D shapes that are capable of interacting with other shapes in Tinkercad.
Bontq is a revolutionary bug & issue tracking system. It allows you to manage projects and track bugs very easy because of its clean and user-friendly interface.   The essential part of Bontq is it&#039;s Desktop Client. Using Desktop Client&#039;s functionality you can Capture Screenshots, Record Videos and attach them right to your items.  null business,project-management, Bontq is a revolutionary bug & issue tracking system. It allows you to manage projects and track bugs very easy because of its clean and user-friendly interface.   The essential part of Bontq is it&#039;s Desktop Client. Using Desktop Client&#039;s functionality you can Capture Screenshots, Record Videos and attach them right to your items. 
Flight delay predictor Travel airlines,travel, FlightCaster predicts flight delays, often hours before the airlines. From the developer page: &quot;The FlightCaster API is primarily used for retrieving information about the likelihood that a flight will be on time. Although other information is available as well, such as general airport information, general airline information, general weather station data, METARs, and TAFs.&quot;
Live chat widget Chat chat,sbweb,widgets, Zopim is a livechat widget that lets users monitor visitors on their websites and engage them in a chat. This functionality can be used to sell directly to their online customers.   Some aspects of the Zopim widget can be customized via the API.  Functionality that can be customized includes setting a visitor???s name and email after logging in, hiding and editing the appearance of the chat button, bubble and windows and more. The API uses JavaScript.
Media hosting service Media Management media,storage, DivShare is a program that allows users to embed music, videos or documents into their website or blog.  DivShare is a RESTful API that lets users send queries and returns information about DivShare files and users. The responses are formatted in XML.
Currency exchange rates service Financial currencies,deadpool,finance, The Currencies API provides a single JSON structure that is a matrix containing the exchange rates for all known currencies. It is a read only service.
Sports information service Sports database,news,salaries,sports, USA Today&#039;s sports databases contain information about the salaries for baseball, football, basketball, and hockey players for the past few years (since 1988 for baseball, and around 2000 for all others). In addition to salaries, there is extensive information for the MLB, NFL, NBA and NHL available, including player, position, and team data.The USA Today Salaries API allows developers to programmatically access the USA TODAY Sports Salaries database.  
SMS messaging service Messaging messaging,sms, Mollie is a Netherlands based SMS provider of both SMS and payments services. Mollie offers SMS and MMS gateways to their customers. Along with the gateways, customers can access SMS marketing services and shortcodes. The SMS APIs allow users to send SMS messages via HTTP and SMPP. Other features include sending SMS offers via email, sending MMS messages, at viewing devliery reports.
Data mining tool Internet Data,internet, InfoChimps is a data marketplace where publishers and owners of datasets can charge for their usage.  Digital Element is the premier supplier for IP geolocation data. Their data is used by a number of large internet companies, including Ask.com, AOL, and CNN.com. Their data has been independently verified to be 99% accurate at country level, and 95% accurate at the city level worldwide.   The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON or JSONP.
White-label airfare search and comparison service Travel airlines,reservations,search,travel, The service searches across multiple flight booking sites and aggregates (gels) published information about special travel deals. It generates listings of flight options and last-minute airfare deals, with related information on package deals, hotel prices, etc.   API methods support listings of flight options, as well as creating and deleting flight deal packages. Requests specify originating and destination airports, date range, and other parameters. Returned data include matching combinations from multiple airlines.
ShipStation is a web-based shipping solution that streamlines the order fulfillment process for online retailers. With real-time integrations into popular marketplaces including Amazon, eBay, Sears, and Etsy, and shopping carts like Magento, Volusion, Shopify, and Big Commerce, ShipStation handles everything from order import and batch label creation to customer communication. Advanced customization features such as Automation Rules and Product Profiles allow ShipStation to fit businesses with any number of users or locations. As a cloud-based software solution, ShipStation is compatible on both Mac and PCs through any web browser a?? from anywhere!  null retail,search,shipping,shopping, ShipStation is a web-based shipping solution that streamlines the order fulfillment process for online retailers. With real-time integrations into popular marketplaces including Amazon, eBay, Sears, and Etsy, and shopping carts like Magento, Volusion, Shopify, and Big Commerce, ShipStation handles everything from order import and batch label creation to customer communication. Advanced customization features such as Automation Rules and Product Profiles allow ShipStation to fit businesses with any number of users or locations. As a cloud-based software solution, ShipStation is compatible on both Mac and PCs through any web browser a?? from anywhere! 
Mass transit and walking directions Transportation bus,mapping,places,subway,transit, From their site: HopStop is your city transit guide. We provide door-to-door subway and bus directions and maps for New York City. You can also search for places to eat, drink, sleep and see in the City Guide. Use the API to integrate mass-transit and walking directions into your own website.
Email Marketing Service Email email,india,marketing,sms,unknown, LeadsNyou is a marketing service that provides several tool such as Email Marketing and SMS Marketing, along with a database. The leadsNyou Email Marketing API lets developers synchronize their applications with the leadsNyou Email Marketing service. With this API, developers can create tools to manage contacts, send email campaigns, fetch results and perform other required tasks. The Email Marketing API uses XML as a data format and requires an API Key to be attached to all calls. 
PolicyMap is a geographic information system which allows you to leverage 4000 market and demographic data types to create custom maps, tables, and charts. null charts,demographics,gov,mapping,metrics,statistics, PolicyMap is a geographic information system which allows you to leverage 4000 market and demographic data types to create custom maps, tables, and charts.
Matrix routing for mapping applications Mapping mapping,matrix,route, HERE is a map provider whose maps can be found in car navigation systems, smartphones, and on the web. HERE offers developer access to a variety of map data and functionality through a series of REST APIs. The HERE Matrix Routing API allows applications to calculate routes between M x N locations, leveraging information such as real-time traffic updates. The API is built to support route calculation for both consumer and enterprise applications.
Online chatroom services Chat chat,enterprise, From their site: The Boldchat web service provides access to customer account data by means of SOAP over HTTP. BoldChat live chat software provides for real time sales and customer support.
Allows phones to act as barcode scanners Telephony deadpool,mobile,shopping,telephony, From their site: Allows users and third-parties to integrate ShotCode technologies on blogs, white-label reseller programs and third-party readers/decoders. ShotCode connects your target audience to your websites in one click by using technology that changes camera mobile phones into personal &quot;barcode&quot; scanners. Install the ShotCode reader on a mobile phone, start the software, aim at a ShotCode and click. That is all it takes to connect your target audience to you.
Australian real estate valuation service Real Estate Australia,realestate, The service provides estimates of property value for real estate in Australia. Integration possibilities include requesting a quote for valuation service, ordering a valuation report, and accessing the report when it is completed. Property assessors conduct valuations ordered by clients and update the service&#039;s own records, which clients can then access.  API methods support submitting a request for quote specifying the property to be assessed and other variables relevant to the valuation. Methods also support completing an order for a quoted valuation job and checking on status (accepted, assigned, inspected, delayed). The API supports retrieving the finished report for display or further analysis.
Link monetization service  Advertising advertising,affiliate,deadpool,links,russia, Sape is offers webmasters a chance to sell links on their sites ,advertisers the ability to buy them, and affiliates a means to increase traffic. The Sape XML-RPC API gives users the framework to remotely access their accounts to buy and sell links, check and transfer funds, and access the sites full functionality. This site is in Russian.
Cloud storage and backup service File Sharing backup,cloud,file-sharing,storage, Livedrive is a cloud storage and backup service. Livedrive allows users to upload files to the cloud for storage and sharing, as well as syncing. Livedrive also offers backup services.  The Livedrive API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Livedrive with other applications. Some example API methods include managing users, creating backups, managing backups, and managing accounts.
Multi-task collaboration tool  Tools chat,collaboration, Producteev is a Task Management / To-Do list application for teams and individuals. We are connected to your Email, IM, Twitter, Mobile (iPhone), Gmail, Google Calendar soon many more tools, and we keep your tasks synchronized!
Loyalty & Customer Management System Shopping coupons,shopping, StickyStreet is a SaaS (Software as a Service) application providing loyalty, stored value, and membership tracking, management, and marketing services to small and medium sized businesses all over the world. The StickyStreet API can be used to programmaticaly access data from the StickyStreet service.
Clue interpretation services for recreational treasure hunting Games code,fun,games, The Quisque website provides resources for recreational treasure hunters. In recreational treasure hunting, the player has to resolve puzzles and enigmas created by an author in order to find a planted treasure. The APIs provided by Quisque are designed to help players decipher these clues. Available APIs include decryption services for a variety of ciphers, a heraldry database, and an image comparison service.  The website and documentation are provided primarily in French with an English language option available.
Weather forecast service Weather weather, AccuWeather provides developers with an API for accessing their weather data. Documentation is not publicly available but developers can contact Michael Sylvie, Business Development Manager at developer@accuweather.com.
Feed aggregation Feeds business,deadpool,rss,social, NewsGator helps individuals and businesses improve the way they find information and communicate internally and externally. We offer a wide range of RSS aggregation products and social media tools.
Spelling education game Education education,games,uk, Spellodrome is an online education tool that helps students between the ages of 5 and 18 learn to spell. It uses games to teach students and to help them get interested in learning. Spellodrome provides weekly reports, which are emailed to parents and teachers. The SOAP-based Spellodrome API allows users to log in, retrieve the most commonly misspelled words, and retrieve a user&#039;s personal best score.
University organization service Education education, Students and other members of the University of Washington community can partake in organizations and others groups with shared communications mechanisms. For example, there might be a group for part-time history faculty. The University of Washington Groups API provides developers within the UW community to administrate groups, including adding and removing members.
Foreign exchange online trading services Financial enterprise,finance, Use the OANDA FXTrade API to talk to the OANDA FXTrade servers. You can submit trade requests, modify stop-loss, take-profit, and entry orders, get historical transactions, get historical FXTrade market rates, and more. The FXTrade system is known for its low spreads, immediate settlement, fast execution, real-time pricing, trade amounts of any size, and continuous interest payments. Forex trading is when you buy one currency and sell another simultaneously.
Books database Reference search, From their site: ISBNdb.com&#039;s remote access application programming interface (API) is designed to allow other websites and standalone applications use the vast collection of data collected by ISBNdb.com since 2003. As of this writing, in July 2005, the data includes nearly 1,800,000 books almost 3,000,000 library records close to a million subjects hundreds of thousands of author and publisher records parsed out of library data more than 10,000,000 records of actual and historic prices. Using the API you can look up information by keywords, by ISBN, by authors or publishers, etc. In most situations the API is fast enough to be used in interactive applications.
File encryption service Security cloud,encryption,security,storage, ExpressFlow is a file encryption service that enables users to encrypt documents in a browser before pushing them to a cloud storage provider such as Dropbox, Google Drive, or Box. Just drag and drop files from your computer to the expressFlow website and let expressFlow encrypt them and give back the credentials.  The expressFlow API allows developers to easily integrate complex file-processing tasks into their applications. Built around the principle that &quot;everything is in the cloud,&quot; the expressFlow API makes integration easy by keeping the process simple. An API key is required. 
Feed reading service Feeds feeds,mobile,rss, MnmlRdr is a feed reading service designed to minimize clutter and increase readability. It is accessible from any kind of device that features a modern web browser - no installation required. One added feature is that users can bookmark their favorite stories and mark unread stories for later reading. Users can interact with MnmlRdr programmatically via REST API.
Online and mobile payments Payment deadpool,mobile,payment,shopping, mPayy is an online and mobile payment service. The mPayy API provides developers with the tools to integrate the payment service to their website or app. It features the REST protocol and provides payments through a secure (SSL) HTTP post.
Restaurant food safety information service Government food,government,portland,restaurant, The service provides safety inspection reports from restaurants in Multnomah County, Oregon, which contains the city of Portland. Default results provide the 25 most recent reports by county inspectors, allowing evaluation of inspection activity during the period. Results cannot be limited to a specific restaurant, however.  API methods provide safety inspection scores along with restaurant name and location (both address and geolocation coordinates) as well as inspector name, date, and related detail. Results can be adjusted for a different record count than the default or a specific date range, specified as start date and optional end date.
Online presence service Chat chat,deadpool,im,presence, The AIM Presence Web API allows web pages to display presence for AIM and ICQ users. Simple and detailed versions of the API allow either an image or an XML blob to be returned.
Real-time flight information service Travel flight,transportation,travel, The Flight Explorer FastTrack web services provide registered customers with flight information such as origin, destination, departure time, estimated arrival time, and more. They also offer a great deal of real-time information that includes aircraft status, local airport weather conditions, and images showing a flight&#039;s current location. These services are available via API so that developers can integrate real-time flight data into their applications, websites, or commercial products.
Music metadata community service Music music,semantic, The MusicBrainz database contains a huge amount of music metadata, which is maintained by the MusicBrainz community. Find information about artists, albums, tracks and labels. Mash the data with your web app, media player, CD ripper, tagger or other applications requiring music metadata. The service&#039;s architecture follows the REST design principles. Interaction with the web service is done using HTTP and all content is served in a simple but flexible XML format.
Media tools for developers Media Management image,media-management,videos, Begun as a research project from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology and the University of Technology Dresden, WebKnox is an ontology-driven fact extraction engine built to provide direct, fast, and complete answers to questions on any topic a user can think of. To answer a question WebKnox uses external services that might have previously provided an answer or computes an answer using its knowledge base. If those options fail, WebKnox tries to find an answer on the fly.  WebKnox hosts a suite of REST APIs delivering a range of web services. The WebKnox Media API allows applications to search images, create video thumbnails, or create animated GIFs from a video or series of images.
Online restaurant booking service Food booking,food,reservations,restaurant, Restalo is an online restaurant guide that allows users to make real time reservations for restaurants in major cities across Spain,Italy, France, and the UK. Users can find detailed information about each restaurant and can take advantage of exclusive discounts offered exclusively to Restaloa??s users.  Restalo offers a RESTful API to affiliates and partners for the search and filtering of restaurants, information about restaurants, offers and availability, booking, restalo coupons, user management, and favorite restaurants. An API key is required.      
Open government data resource Reference database,government,reference,research, Engage is an open government data resource for researchers and citizens across Europe. The ENGAGE platform can be used to submit, acquire and search public sector datasets from all the countries of the European Union.  Engage offers Search and Publish APIs which allow third parties to automatically retrieve datasets or automate dataset publication to the ENGAGE portal. Both are REST APIs and data is formatted in JSON. 
Currency exchange rates service Financial currency,exchange,financial, The Open Source Exchange Rates API gives developers a way to access the rates that power currency conversion services. The API provides up-to-date, flexible and portable currency conversion data that can be used in any application, framework or language. The API uses JavaScript and responses are formatted in JSON.
Business operating information service Enterprise enterprise,reference, The service provides provides search access to the provider&#039;s database of public registrations and disclosures required of corporations. Public companies must register information with government authorities about locations, officers, lines of business, and some financial details. The service summarizes these kinds of information in profiles of over 40 million records companies worldwide. Applications can make use of this information for purposes like validating their own information about a company, discovering company official names and contact information, and verifying a company&#039;s good standing with government agencies.  API methods support submission of a query specifying all or part of a company name or other term relevant to the company&#039;s profile. Requests can also specify a legal structure (corporation, partnership, LLC, etc.) and record status to filter results. Methods also allow search for officer names and other details for a particular company specified by ID value in the request.
Credit quick check web service Financial finance,reference, Perform low risk credit assessments and pre-screen prospects with D&B&#039;s core credit evaluation data. Information includes company identification, payment activity summary, public filings indicators, and the D&B Rating.
Utah geocoding service Mapping deadpool,geocoding,mapping,utah, The OremGeocoder API allows GIS applications to plot Orem, UT addresses even when street names are placed before house numbers, streets have more than one name, or address coordinates don&#039;t match any streets at all. A closely related API that consumes this one informs the user which polygon on the map contains a given address.
Bible access and search service Reference bible,reference,religion,search, American Bible Society is a nonprofit organization which publishes, distributes and translates the Bible and provides study aids and other tools to help people engage with the Bible.   The BibleSearch API allows any developer to include Scripture content and text anywhere in their website or application for non-commercial purposes. It provides access to multiple Bible versions, search across them by keyword or passage, and return Scripture in a number of formats. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Sending and Receiving SMS Messaging canada,messaging,sms,telephony,text,usa, Club Texting&#039;s SMS APIs allow developers to integrate text messaging into desktop applications, web services or mobile apps. Club Texting offers a web-based bulk text messaging platform that lets users set up mobile marketing campaigns. Using the API, customers can text a message and SMS Gateway will pass the message directly to your servers.  A RESTful API is offered along with a legacy HTTP API.
Annual pull request sending event Events christmas,events, 24 Pull Requests is an annual initiative that encourages developers around the world to send pull requests to open source projects every day of December up to Christmas. Participants can log in with their GitHub accounts, and 24 Pull Requests will then track and highlight all of the participants&#039; pull requests and suggest projects to work on. The site&#039;s JSON API allows users to retrieve information on suggested projects, pull requests issued, and site users.
Open source water and environment data platform Science Data,environment,science,visualization,water, The Water and Environmental Hub (WEHUB) is an open-source, open-data project that collects, aggregates, and connects data from various sources on water and environment. Features include a spatial map, database, and tools for data visualization.  The WEHUB API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of WEHUB with other applications and to create new applications. Documentation is available with free account registration and login.
Yahoo address book  Social contacts,social, The Yahoo Contacts API enables applications to view and edit the social relationships that exist in the Yahoo Address Book. The Contacts API is based on OAuth, which allows the secure transfer of data in a way that respects user privacy and permissions.
Radio station search and player Music music,radio,search, iHeartRadio is a platform for searching for and playing live radio stations and shows from both traditional radio stations and digital radio stations. Users can search for stations and shows by station, songs, and music artists.  The iHeartRadio API allows developers to access and integrate the data and functionality of iHeartRadio with other applications, and to create new applications. Full documentation is available with registration and login.
Online 3D modelling service Photos 3d,photo,viewer, 3defy is an online tool that allows users to create 3D models from photos and view them in 3D.  The 3defy API allows developers to embed 3D models into other applications and websites. The API also allows for custom gallery creation, resizing of 3D models, and embedding multiple 3D models at one time.
Telephony services Telephony conference,IVR,telephony,Voice, THECALLR offers users a platform from which they can design and configure voice applications in a number of ways. They can track the phone calls of their marketing campaigns, set up conference rooms on a private number, create a dialer to schedule outbound calls, and change the configuration of an Interactive Voice Response (IVR). The API can be used to integrate call metrics, analytics, and management of voice applications, into existing tools such as ERP, CRM, marketing platforms, internal tools. The API is a JSON-RPC 2.0 HTTPS Web Service. REST and SOAP interfaces are available. Full documentation is not publicly available.
Meme generation engine  Tools fun,meme,sharing,tools, Meme Generator is graphics generating engine. Users can select from numerous backdrops and characters that are Internet memes and add humorous captions to them. Images from around the web and from usersa?? personal files can also be uploaded. Resultant creations can be shared by means of a link. The RESTful Meme Generator API exposes the sitea??s primary functionality, allowing developers to access, resize, and create memes. 
Energy-related online content service Feeds content,energy,feeds,fuel, The service provides daily updated information about markets for petroleum and other energy sources. It delivers news and analysis from the provider&#039;s industry experts covering activities in oil and gas, as well as electrical power generation and  renewable energy and water supply. The provider&#039;s expertise covers exploration and production of fossil fuels, government energy policy and legislation, environmental effects, and risk assessment.  API methods support queries against the service for content matching specified keywords and/or for the newest available news and analytical reporting. The API provides mapping capabilities to integrate data from the service with external geographic information services (GIS).
IVR, Interactive Voice Response system Telephony deadpool,messaging,telephony,Voice, Orange helps you create and distribute your mobile apps and solutions.   The Orange VoiceMashup API from Orange allows you to create an Interactive Voice Recognition (IVR) service using the VoiceXML language. An IVR service is an automated dialog made of recorded sounds and vocalised texts that can be operated via phone keypad.   With the VoiceMashup API, developers can enable users to receive calls and play a message, and call anybody directly with a specific automated voice dialog.
Webdesign showcase  Other webdesign, Dribbble API provides access to the webdesign showcases on dribbble.com. You can access individual shots, players, comments, and more details. Note: As of Dec. 2010, no API key is required, but according to the site, this will likely change (as well as the API call limit).
Nutrition data search and database Food barcode,fitness,food,nutrition,upc, Nutritionix is a search engine and database for nutrition information. Users can browse or search by restaurants and food to find nutrition information. Users can also share their nutrition data with Nutritionix.  The Nutritionix API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Nutritionix with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: http://www.nutritionix.com/api .
File sharing service File Sharing file-sharing,storage,upload, Plifk is a service that allows users to upload and share their files on the Internet. Upon signup, users get a Plifk URL where their files will appear. An API is available that lets developers integrate some of the service&#039;s functionality into third party applications. Available methods include retrieving user information, listing user tags, retrieving file information, and listing files belonging to a user. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Developer platform Tools cloud,internet,tools,webhooks, Use the Google App Engine platform to run web apps on Google&#039;s infrastructure, the same scalable systems that run Google applications. Use the platform to run your apps reliably, even if you have heavy load and data needs. The environment has dynamic web serving, persistent storage with queries, sorting and transactions, automatic scaling and load balancing, APIs for authenticating users and sending email using Google Accounts, and a local testing environment. Google App Engine apps are implemented using the Python programming language, with support for most of the Python standard library. App Engine recently unveiled its second language: Java. This release includes the Java runtime, integration with Google Web Toolkit, and a Google Plugin for Eclipse, giving you an end-to-end Java solution for AJAX web applications.
Mobile application building and backend service Backend backend,cloud,deadpool,mobile, Tiggzi is a cloud-based mobile application building service. Tiggzi provides backend-as-a-service for mobile applications. Users can build mobile applications using HTML5, jQuery, and PhoneGap.  The Tiggzi API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Tiggzi with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing events, managing accounts, and creating events.
Brainstorming Display Service Tools display,organization,social,tools,tracking, Mind42 is a collaborative browser-based online mind mapping tool. The ideas submitted get arranged into a tree or star format to help display connections.  The maps can be used for to-do lists, knowledge collects, and many other diagrams.  The Mind42 API allows users to integrate the functions of Mind42 with third-party apps and services. The API uses OAuth 2.0 for authentication. Contact Mind42 for full API access and details. 
Online shopping aggregation service Shopping catalog,search,shopping, The service consolidates online catalog listings from an unlimited selection of products and sellers, aiming to provide a single listing of all products available from any online provider. Its search interface returns keyword matches from product names and descriptions with links to obtain more information and complete purchase. The service also provides product buying guide content and discount coupon offerings for selected products.  API methods support submission of a query string and return product listings with matching names and description text. Methods also register the service provider to any query to allow revenue sharing for completed purchases. Search parameters can limit results to particular sellers, price ranges, brands, and colors.
Xtracked turns your mobile phone into a personal and professional GPS tracking system. A powerful web-based track analyzer combining charts, maps and reports. null mapping,mobile,visualization, Xtracked turns your mobile phone into a personal and professional GPS tracking system. A powerful web-based track analyzer combining charts, maps and reports.
Daily bible verses Reference bible,christian,reference,religion, Our Manna is a non-commercial online Christian magazine featuring articles, videos, audio sermons, and daily bible verses. Our Manna exposes its daily bible verses through an API. The API is freely accessible, requiring no authentication. Supported response formats include text, XML, RSS, and JSON.
Job recruiting info service Job Search deadpool,jobs,recruiting, Hackruiter is a recruiting service specializing in placing engineers with startup companies. The API lets users download general info (name, number of employees, link to jobs page, etc) about the companies Hackruiter works with in JSON.
Mobile location based services Tools deadpool,mapping,mobile,places, The Location Genome Platform is a uniform solution combing Content, Context and Collaboration on top of locations. It offers a set of APIs to access rich content, deep understanding and real time collaborative information sharing about locations. It allows mobile web developers to build a context aware, content rich and personally relevant experience in their location based mobile applications. The APIs are currently in private Beta. Potential users should contact the developer to get more information and get access to the APIs.
New York City Government data Government city,datasets,government,newyork, NYC 311 Online provides information about thousands of New York City government services and facilities. NYC 311 data improves access to data and supports transparency and accountability.   The NYC 311 API provides data in JSON and XML formats.
Semantic tagging webservice Tools deadpool,language,tools, The Complexity Intelligence Part Of Speech Tagging API looks at a sentence, or a set of sentences, analyzes them and marks up each word in a text with an identifier of a semantic class (part of speech). Complexity Intelligence is a start-up that focuses on Artificial Intelligence research. Complexity Intelligence is developing a range of natural language processing services accessible through web-services. Both free and paid subscriptions are available. Support is provided for both Java and PHP. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML. 
NY Times newspaper movie review archives Video news,reviews,video, The New York Times Movie Review API gives you access to movie reviews by the New York Times critics. The API gives access to over 22,000 New York Times movie reviews from today back to 1924. Using the Movie Reviews API you can reviews, NYT Critics&#039; Picks and you can search movie reviews by keyword.
Semantic discovery service Search search,semantic, The SemanticHacker API generates Semantic Signatures???. A Semantic Signature??? is a representation of ALL concepts covered in a block of text. Each block of text contains semantic dimensions with associated weights. The dimension weights capture the strength of each concept in the block of text.
Flight and travel search engine Travel search,travel, Skyscanner is a travel search engine that searches airline websites, travel agent websites, hotel websites, and car rental websites for travel bargains.   Skyscanner offers three APIs that allow developers to integrate Skyscanner&#039;s functionality into other applications. The WhoFlies API shows which airlines fly to a certain location from the user&#039;s location. The FlightSearch API allows users to search for flights, searching Skyscanner&#039;s search engine. The Maps API shows flight routes on a map.  
Croatian travel accommodations service Travel croatia,travel, Adriatic.hr is a leading online travel agency based in Croatia. The Adriatic.hr API allows communication between the Adriatic.hr web site and developer sites and applications. Functionality includes searching private accommodations, searching guest comments, retrieving data on houses and accommodations and more. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Cloud Storage Platform Storage storage, Mezeo???s Cloud Storage Platform exposes storage with a RESTful API that allows developers to store, organize, share and publish content as well as supporting rich meta-data. Mezeo Cloud Storage Platform is a software platform for the deployment of cloud storage. The platform includes Web services APIs, and is storage agnostic. The API uses RESTful architecture and responses are formatted in XML or JSON.
Semantic search engine Search search,semantic,yebol, Yebol is a new semantic search engine that currently has 10 million search terms and growing. From the website: &quot; Yebol allows for a multi-dimensional search result instead of the normal one-dimensional search seen by most web search engines today.  This provides a more accurate summary of top sites and categories; a wider array of related search terms; a longer and richer expansion for query results; and a deeper base of links and keywords in search result pages.&quot;
Historical stock quotes from global stock exchanges Financial enterprise,finance,money, From their site: This web service provides historical stock quotes from more than 120 stock exchanges in 90 countries. Global stock quotes cover major stock markets in the U.S., London, Frankfurt, Paris, Milan, Tokyo, Canada, Hong Kong, Australia, and more.
Website updating tool Internet internet,tools,utility,website, Pagevamp is a service that allows users to automatically update and maintain their websites from their Facebook pages. Pagevamp essentially makes it possible to update both a Facebook page and a website at the same time, all through Facebook.  The Pagevamp API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Pagevamp with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: http://www.pagevamp.com/developers. 
Contextual search service Search search, The Term Extraction API allows users to perform content analysis by providing a list of significant words or phrases extracted from a larger content. It is one of the technologies used in Yahoo! Search. It uses a RESTful API and responses are formatted in XML.
Project time tracking and tasks Project Management enterprise,project-management,sbweb, From their site:  Harvest provides two API interfaces, serving two distinct roles. If you need to access and manipulate your daily timesheet the Timetracking API fits the bill. Notable uses are the widgets we provide for PC and Mac as well as other third party timesheet software integrations. If you need to access and edit your projects, clients, users and tasks the Extended REST API is your choice. You can use this to mass import your existing projects setup, add users and generally integrate with your existing back-office setup.
PHP graph generator service Tools graphs,php,tools,vizualization, PHPGraphLib is a lightweight PHP-based graphing library that creates PHP graphs for incorporation into a website or application. The PHPGraphLib Remote API enables users to create PHPGraphLib graphs without ever having to download the PHPGraphLib library.   The API allows developers to format a request and send it to the API graph generator URI. The API graph generator then creates an image of the requested graph on the PHPGraphLib servers and returns the remote location of the created image. The PHPGraphlib Remote API is primarily intended to be implemented via PHP, but requests can be initiated with any other language that can open a remote URI.
Affiliate and online marketing management service Enterprise affiliate,enterprise,leads,marketing, LeadDyno provides online marketing services that helps users manage their affiliates and payouts and learn which online marketing channels are providing them with the best ROI. LeadDyno offers a complete REST API for integrating with websites or applications. It can be used to retrieve affiliate, lead, and campaign information or to update certain pieces of affiliate and lead information in LeadDyno.
Golf course reservation service Sports booking,golf,reservations,sports, GolfNow offers booking services for tee times at over 5,000 golf courses and resorts across the US, Canada, Bermuda, Mexico, Ireland and Scotland. The GolfNow RESTful API allows you to perform functions such as finding golf courses, finding tee times, and creating tee time reservations. Search for golf courses and tee times based on a various criteria, create customers, make tee time reservations, view existing reservations, and other related tasks.
Online reservation software Calendar calendar,social,tools, Appointment-Plus is an online reservation software provider. Business can embed Appointment-Plus links onto their websites or use Appointment-Plus as a standalone booking service as their website. It also provides POS functions for businesses to accept payment through the appointment-making interface. Their RESTful API provides functionality for integrating scheduling making software, and replies in JSON and XML formats. Developers must request access to the API and its documentation. 
Collaborative widget service Widgets deadpool,social,widgets, Google Shared Spaces are collaborative gadgets based on Google Wave technology. Current gadgets include finding meeting times, simple yes/no/maybe RSVP and shared shopping lists. Developers can use the Google Shared Spaces API to create their own gadgets. Currently the service uses the Google Wave Gadgets API. However, since Wave has been deprecated, these gadgets can run instead in Google Shared Spaces.
Image recognition and search service Photos augmented-reality,image,mobile,recognition,search, The Moodstocks API enables users to integrate visual search into an application. Moodstocks is a company dedicated to visual search on the Internet. They analyze images in terms of their visual properties like color, shape, and texture, interlink them based on their visual similarity and display them into state-of-the-art interfaces. The Moodstocks API provides users with a set of web services to deal with image recognition. It comes with a dashboard to upload data and follow stats in real time. It uses a RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
Corporate data services Enterprise business,database,enterprise,finance, Use the Hoover&#039;s API to create applications using Hoover&#039;s database of 60 million companies, 69 million people and First Research Industry information. You can stream reliable, on-demand information into enterprise-wide systems, and commercial software and web applications to provide business insight to employees and customers. Hoover&#039;s, a D&B Company, is based in Austin, TX.
Word behavior and occurrence information database Education education,language,semantic, The Sketch Engine (SkE) is a Corpus Query System that lets users access information on 30 million to 10 billion words for each of 42 languages (with more to come). Information is provided in the form of word sketches; one-page, automatic, corpus-derived summaries of words&#039; grammatical and collocational behavior. &quot;Collocation&quot; describes the behavior of words or terms that occur together more often than mere chance would dictate.  Users can also employ SkE&#039;s WebBootCaT service to build their own instant corpora for specialist terminology in any language. These corpora can then be uploaded to SkE for further exploration. SkE&#039;s information can be accessed directly though a web browser or programmatically using REST calls.
Video sharing application Video sharing,social,video, Socialcam is a video sharing application. Socialcam users can share videos with the Socialcam mobile applications. Users can tag videos, like videos, export videos, and share their videos with other Socialcam users.  The Socialcam API allows developers to access the functionality of Socialcam to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email api@socialcam.com for API access.
Web performance monitoring service Internet Apis,internet,monitoring,website, SmartBear&#039;s AlertSite suite is a website monitoring service that will record performance metrics from your API&#039;s, email, and FTP servers, as well as internal, external, and mobile websites. AlertSite also features customizable reporting, allowing you to tailor performance monitoring reports to your needs.  The AlertSite API exposes features for managing devices, checking device statuses, and generating reports. This REST-based API returns data in XML, and requires an account with service for access.
Real-time project collaboration service Tools collaboration,realtime,social,tools, Prowork is a real-time collaboration service designed for all kinds of projects where team members are spread out. Prowork is available online, on many types of mobile devices, and via API. Users can create projects and tasks, add team members, assign work, share files, chat, send messages, and more. The Prowork API, though still in its early stages, allows developers to access basic Prowork functions programmatically.
Activity stream aggregator Other lifestream,rss,social, The FriendFeed API enables developers to interact with the FriendFeed web site programmatically via simple HTTP requests. FriendFeed is a service that makes it easy to share with friends online. It offers a fun and interactive way to discover and discuss information among friends.  The API uses RESTful calls and supports methods such as downloading and reading feeds and more. It&#039;s designed to make it possible for anyone to improve FriendFeed or integrate FriendFeed into other applications. Users can develop FriendFeed interface for a mobile phone, build a FriendFeed widget for blogs, or develop an application that makes it easy to post photos to a feed from an iPhone. The API supports both XML and JSON output formats.
Shipping cost estimation service Shipping enterprise,shipping,transportation, Universal Traffic Service Carrier provides supply chain management services associated with delivering freight, parcels, and the like. Their Rate Service API allows users to estimate the shipping rates for goods based on their weight, size, and stackability. It also accounts for the origin and destination points of shipments and whether they contain hazardous materials. This service is available using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Contact data parsing and structuring tool Tools address,contacts,Data,tools, Melissa Data creates data quality and address management solutions for websites and businesses. Their services standardize, verify, and enhance global contact data, including addresses, phone numbers and email addresses. The Melissa Data RightFielder Object API allows customer applications to turn unformatted contact information into structured data. Capable of handling name, address, phone and email text, the API uses two parsing engines to identify, extract, and organize data, whether that input data is formatted or freeform. 
Printer information collection engine Office office,printing, Print Audit is a company that develops printing-related software. The Information Collection Engine (ICE) is web-based software that collects information from printers and transmits that data to Print Audit&#039;s secure servers for their users to access. It gathers a printer&#039;s location, serial number, IP address, MAC address, page counts, toner levels, status, and alerts (e.g. out of paper, paper jam). No personal or user data is collected. The SOAP-based ICE API enables users to interact with ICE programmatically.
Nature Publishing Group blog tracking and indexing service Blogging blogging,nature, The Nature Publishing Group (NPG) is a publisher of scientific and medical information both in print and online. NPG publishes journals, online databases, and services across a variety of sciences and clinical medicine. Nature.com also hosts blogs from the Nature Network, publishing blogs written by in-house editors and journalists.  The Blogs API provides a programmatic interface to the Blogs indexing and aggregation services, giving developers tools to search blogs, posts, stories (collections of aggregated blog posts about a topic), and papers published or indexed by the Nature Network. This API exposes methods that support queries based on a variety of aspects such as content tag, keyword, and index metadata. This RESTful API returns data in JSON, though some queries support Atom/RSS and CSV formats.
Save pages to read later Bookmarks bookmarks,internet, Previously offered under the name Read It Later, Pocket is a service that allows users to save articles, videos and more to read or use later. The Pocket API allows for applications that interact with the Pocket service. The API can be used to build a full featured Pocket client for any platform, mashup reading list data, or allow users to save pages to their list from an application. The API can be used in both free and commercial applications. 
Information on international ports Reference cargo,harbors,ports,reference,shipping, Findaport is a web service providing access to Shipping Guides Limiteda??s comprehensive information on ports, harbors, cargo terminals, and tanker facilities worldwide. The Findaport API provides developer access to the sitea??s data. Data describing ports is available in over 70 headings. Additionally, the API is able to return plans, photos, and Reports of Actual Conditions Experienced.
Event Aggregation Service  Events events,music, The Evently API allows users to include the Evently event information on outside websites. Evently collects event information from over 1000 unique event listing services and organizes the data to be searchable by venue, genre and location. Using this REST API which returns in either JSON or XML,  users can access this information and provide it on their website. An API Key is required for use. 
Social Media Analytics Social influence,social,Twitter, PeerIndex is a social media analytics company that is building the Influence Graph: who influences whom in which topics across the social platforms. The PeerIndex API provides programmatic access to our data, allowing developers to integrate PeerIndex&#039;s Influence Graph into their applications and analytics platforms.
Mapping services Mapping display,mapping,places,viewer, Bing Maps API and Interactive SDK features an AJAX Map Control. Use BM to build maps which can include routes and traffic info. Gives developers the ability to code the controls, shapes, and layers of the maps, and can summon the birds-eye, 3D, and aerial imagery. For commercial applications Bing Maps Web Services is a set of programmable SOAP services that allow users to integrate maps and imagery, driving directions, and other location features into a Web application.
Menu management and venue location service Tools food,mapping,menus,prices,restaurant,tools, Locu is a menu creation and management tool for restaurants. Locu allows users to create, manage, and edit their menus online for both print and digital menu formats. Menus are updated on the web automatically.  The Locu API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Locu with other applications. Example API methods include retrieving price lists, accessing venue information, and retrieving menu item information. 
File storage services Storage cloud,deadpool,internet,storage, The Mosso Cloud Files API gives you read and write access to your files that are stored on the Mosso Cloud Files servers. You can add, delete, link to your files and more.
Q&A social network Answers answers,deadpool,social, Formspring is a social network for asking and answering questions. Registration is free and is required to participate.  The Formspring API allows users and developers to interact with Formspring data and functionality, and to pull content into other clients and services, or integrate social Q&A with external websites. Formspring uses a REST-like API that returns responses in XML or JSON formats.
File uploading and storage service File Sharing file-sharing,storage,upload, UploadCare is a file uploading and storage service. It allows users to add a functionality to their website or application that permits end-users to upload files. It also provides a function for resizing images on the fly. UploadCare&#039;s services may be accessed via its APIs, which are provided in REST and JavaScript formats.
In-application credit card payment service Payment application,creditcard,mobile,payment, CardFlight is an in-application payment service. CardFlight allows application owners and developers to access credit card payments in their applications.   The CardFlight API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CardFlight with other applications. The main API methods are handling a payment transaction and generating the transaction response. 
Share photos on Twitter with TwitPic. null messaging,mobile,photo,social, Share photos on Twitter with TwitPic.
Content sharing service Social microblogging,social, Google Plus is a service to share links, photos and other content. The Google Plus API allows developers to access publicly-available Google Plus content, including user information and publicly shared items.
Real-time precious metals prices Financial enterprise,finance,money, Real-time spot prices for precious metals, such as gold, silver, platinum, and palladium, and also for collectible gold coins. As quoted from London Fixings and OTC markets.
Content distribution network for AJAX libraries Internet ajax,internet, The AJAX Libraries API is a content distribution network and loading architecture for the most popular open source JavaScript libraries. By using the Google AJAX API Loader&#039;s google.load() method, the API provides your applications with stable, reliable, high speed, globally available access to all of the most popular, open source JavaScript libraries including: jQuery, jQuery UI, prototype, script.aculo.us, MooTools, dojo, SWFObject, Yahoo! User Interface Library (YUI), Ext Core and Chrome Frame. Google works directly with the key stake holders for each library effort and accept the latest stable versions as they are released.
Specific automobile information via VIN Reference auto,reference,vin, Edmunds has been a publisher of new and used automotive pricing guides to assist automobile buyers since 1966. In addition to pricing information, Edmunds.com includes car reviews; vehicle maintenance guidance and resources; tips and advice on buying/selling vehicles, insurance, fuel economy, and more; and user forums.   The Edmunds.com Inventory API is a RESTful API that gives access to the Edmunds.com vehicle database via Vehicle Identification Number (VIN). Provide a VIN and specific vehicle information (for vehicles in the Edmunds.com database) will be returned in JSON format.
Real Estate Listing Service Real Estate listings,realestate, Flexmls is a real estate multiple listing service for real estate brokers. The Flexmls API allows brokers and agents to access listings, contacts, and market stats. Users can also add the flexmls listings search tool to third party websites.  The service uses REST calls and returns JSON. Access to an API key cost $240 annually. 
Platform for structure and semi-structured data Shopping database,jobs,reviews,structured,vehicle, The Google Base API makes it possible to get items in and out of Google Base; a free service for submiting various content for Google to host and to make searchable online. The service allows content providers to upload structured data (including jobs, vehicles, recipes, events, products, reviews, and others) to Google, surface it across Google search properties, and syndicate it via apis, gadgets and gadget ads.  The Google Base data API is designed to enable developers to do two things: (1) Query Google Base data to create applications and mashups. (2) Input and manage Google Base items programmatically. The query API makes it possible to search all of Google Base using attribute-based search refinements. For example, Google Base enables you to query for [used white toyota prius near mountain view, ca] by specifying condition, color, make, and other attributes. Using the Google Base Data API, developers can programmatically access Google Base. This allows for management of structured data, searching for data and syndicating content.  Items inserted to Google Base may surface on Google.com. For example, see the query [used toyota] and the vehicles refinement option.
Social product marketplace Social ecommerce,shopping,social, Gumroad provides simplified online commercial transactions for content creators. When users post their creations to Gumroad, they are then given a point of sale URL that they can then share with their networks. Gumroad supports a variety of payment methods and takes a nominal commission from the transaction. Their RESTful API exposes usersa?? abilities to enable, modify, or delete their links and more. It responds in JSON. 
Flight tracking service Travel aviation,travel, Flightwise&#039;s Flight Data API and PlaneXML allow developers to pull near real-time flight tracking data for flights in the US and surrounding areas. Also provides access to flight data on 141 million flights dating back to November of 2001.
Online billing system Payment billing,invoicing,payment,subscription, BillingOrchard is an online billing system. BillingOrchard offers automated billing, online invoicing and online payments, reporting, and integrations with other systems.  The BillingOrchard API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of BillingOrchard with other applications. Some example API methods include managing functions, managing account information, and checking out methods. 
Mobile device description service Tools device,mobile,tools, Miri Device Description is a mobile device description service that returns information and descriptions about mobile devices, using OpenDdr resources.  The Miri Device Description API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Miri with other applications. The main API method is returning information on the mobile device. 
Music services for professionals Music music, Use the Echo Nest APIs to perform actions related to music. Using the APIs, you can tap into the Echo Nest capabilities related to music search, music information, music recommendations, and remix tools. Also, use machine listening features including beat and pitch. Get feeds for any artist, analytics, or remix. Get song analytics that include fade in, fade out, beats, bars, duration, key, loudness, tatums, tempo, metadata, mode, and sections. Get artist news, profiles, videos, audio, URLs, and blogs. Get which artists or songs are at the top of the charts. Use the Echo Nest Remix API to alter music and video from the web.
Geographic name and postal code lookup Reference database,geography,postal,reference,weather, Geonames is a geographical database with web services that let users extract useful information about different places, such as weather, timezone and post codes. The GeoNames geographical database covers all countries and contains over eight million placenames that are available for download free of charge. Users can edit, correct and add new names using a wiki interface.  Geonames provides a suite of 36 Webservices covering the following categories: Fulltext search Place Hierarchy Wikipedia Postal Codes Reverse Geocoding Earthquakes Weather  The APIs use RESTful protocol and responses vary in format between XML, JSON, RDF, CSV, TXT, RSS and KML.
Recommendations and semantic search service Recommendations NLP,recommendations,search,semantic,tagging, Use the Evri API to get access to Evri&#039;s mapping of the entity web, or the web of people, places and things connected to one another via language. Portions of Evri&#039;s NLP-based (natural language processing) technology are exposed in the API as well as Evri&#039;s knowledgebase of information.   With this API you can:  * tag, or identify entities in text or HTML documents * get recommended articles, images or videos * find how people, places and things are related to one another * find facts from a large database of people, places, and things
National energy information Government energy,government, The U.S. Energy Information Administration provides developer access to their data with the goal of encouraging the creation of value-added services through the private, non-profit, and public sectors. The API uses RESTful architecture and returns JSON formatted data.
Crowd-sourcing employment platform Job Search crowdsourcing,jobs,tasks, MobileWorks is a crowd-sourcing platform that has a pool of people to complete tasks such as translating content, proofreading articles, classify data, and tag images for users who have tasks that can be done remotely. They state they are using crowd-sourcing to put the underemployed to work.  The MobileWorks API allows developers to access and interact with the MobileWorks platform. The main API methods are posting jobs and editing job information to the MobileWorks platform, receive answers about jobs, and find out what the status of a job is.
PDF document creation service Office documents,office,tools, PDF24.org provides a free online PDF document creation service. This service can be accessed through the site&#039;s web interface or a JavaScript API. Developers can use the API to provide a PDF-making button for their end-users in blogs, forums, wiki systems, and other article-based internet software.
Book publisher Other books,publishing, HarperCollins is a large book publisher. HarperCollins publishes a wide variety of genres, including fiction, memoirs, business books, biographies, cookbooks, and children&#039;s books.  The HarperCollins API allows developers to access and integrate the HarperCollins book information, such as authors, titles, and previews, with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving author information, retrieving book previews, and retrieving other book information.
Twitter HD Video Chat Chat chat,conference,video, Twelephone is a HTML5 WebRTC-powered Twitter Telephone for placing and receiving peer-to-peer, encrypted voice and video calls over Twitter. Twelephone supports HD video and audio, chat, emoticon and &quot;callme&quot; button for website integration. However, It requires requires a chrome extension to be used. The API allows developers to integrate a &quot;CallMe&quot; button on their website and other Twelephone data.
URL shortening service Internet internet,url-shortener,utility, BudURL is a fee-based URL shortener with advanced features. It allows for analytics about how much a link was clicked and where the user came from. The API allows you to shrink and expand BudURLs.
Live Chat Platform Chat chat,customer-service,deadpool, Activa provides an interface for live chat software that can be used for customer support and online sales assistance on web sites. The Activa Live Chat APIs are part of the larger SDK that allow developers to customize their Activa Live Chat deployments. Full documentation is not publicly available.
Movie search, information and recommendation service Recommendations movies,recommendations,related,search, Moviepilot is a site that shows the latest news about movies and recommends movies matching the user?s taste. The RESTful API allows users to make calls to the site in order to search for movies, find the cast information for a movie and find related movies. Responses are formatted in JSON. Developer libraries are also available for PHP, Perl and Python. 
US National Public Radio  News music,news,radio, The NPR API provides an open and extensive way for users to share and mash-up the radio station&#039;s content.  NPR will showcase widgets and applications built with its API in a special widgets section of its web site. The Station Finder API can be used to identify local NPR member stations based on zip code, city/state, unique ID, call letters or longitude/latitude. This is the same data that powers the Station Finder. This tool only returns NPR member stations or stations that carry NPR programming.
Accommodation booking and ticketing platform Travel booking,hotel,tickets,travel, Travel Booking Network is an accommodation and ticketing platform for bed and breakfasts, hotels, hostels, university residences, guest houses, and other holiday rentals. They process bookings through their own websites, but also lend their technology out to other accommodation providers and travel websites. Travel Booking Network can set up either an API or a white label service for a client&#039;s website. The Travel Booking Network API uses RESTful calls issued in XML format.
Company logo service Financial enterprise,logos,stocks, This web service provides company logos for around 70% of companies listed on NASDAQ, NYSE, and AMEX.
Proofreading service Tools editing,grammar,proofreading,spelling,tools, Proofread Bot is a free online proofreading tool that checks the grammar, style, and spelling of a website or other web content.   The Proofread Bot API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Proofread Bot with other applications. The main API functions are proofreading web content and returning the results. 
Online search services Search reference,search,Translation, Bing API Version 2.0 enables you to embed a flexible and powerful search engine as a custom search component in your sites and applications. The Microsoft Bing API offers open, flexible options for building or enhancing your site or applications. Developing an application with the new API is straightforward: Choose a SourceTypes (Web, Images, InstantAnswer, Phonebook, RelatedSearch, Spelling), choose an output protocol (JSON, SOAP, or XML) and then customize according to your needs. Both the HTTP endpoints and the OpenSearch RSS interface are new in this version. With the addition of these interfaces and enhanced SOAP support, you are now able to choose the style of access and presentation most appropriate for your application.
Browser-based code editing service Tools code,programming,tools, Codeanywhere is a browser-based code editor with an integrated FTP client. All popular web formats are supported, including HTML, PHP, JavaScript, CSS, and XML. Users can log on to Codeanywhere with any computer or smartphone and have all of their servers (FTP, SFTP, and Dropbox) and files waiting for use. Codeanywhere is compatible with all major browsers.
Indian bulk SMS service Messaging india,messaging,sms, GlobalBulkSMS is a bulk SMS service based in India. They provide coverage over 480 networks in 182 countries. Users can schedule SMS to send automatically at a later time, send 2-way SMS that recipients can respond to, customize their sender ID, and more. Users can send messages via web interface, HTTP REST, SMPP, or SMTP.
Online mapping service Mapping deadpool,display,mapping,OSM,viewer, The Ericsson Web Maps API provides an interactive mapping platform for integrating dynamic maps into any web application. Custom layers of your own symbols. OpenStreetMap and TeleAtlas map data. The maps are rendered in a Java Applet which provides fast map browsing and smooth and animated interaction. Ericsson Labs holds APIs, resources, offerings, and various expert commentaries.
Photovoltaic output simulator service Utility energy,environment,utility, The service estimates the expected performance of photovoltaic (PV) energy systems suitable for residential and small commercial applications. Simulations estimate energy production from PV cells, given a location and other operating conditions, along with cost savings. Cost data assume that a system is connected to an existing electrical power grid rather than free-standing.  API methods support submission of a location, specified as address or latitude and longitude, along with system operating parameters such as generating capacity, solar tracking functions, and operating times including daily schedules. Cost savings parameters include system initial cost, maintenance cost and deterioration over time, financing costs, tax effects, and related variables.
Museum online collection access Education museums,nonprofit, The Brooklyn Museum Collection API is a set of services that you can use to display Brooklyn Museum collection images and data in your own applications.
Screen Capture Service Photos image,photo,screenshot,search,source, OpenSearchServer is an open-source search engine based on continuously improving open-source technology. Through their SaaS center users can access a public API. The Screenshot API allows users to make a screenshot capture of a Web page. The user can choose to capture only the visible part of the page or the full content. The service uses REST calls and returns a PNG image which can still be reduced (to generate a thumbnail). An account is required with service, and API Key is used to access the API. 
Document parsing and conversion service Tools conversion,semantic,tools, Parsify is a document processing and converting service. Parsify allows users to parse documents, retrieve key parts of a document, and convert the document into other formats.   The Parsify API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Parsify with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving document information, converting documents, and retrieving statistics about a document. 
Flash games directory Games deadpool,flash,games, JoyRack Games web service allows users to access free online flash games from their directory and embed it on a website or other internet application, free of charge for non-commercial use.  JoyRack Games lets users play hundreds of free online games. Users can play, share and invite friends to play more games.
Academic research repository Reference deadpool,education,reference, Use the LexisNexis Academic API to access the LexisNexis Academic repository programmatically. Use the API to retrieve a specific document, open a Power Search form and populate the source selection options for searching specific sources, or open any search form in LexisNexis Academic. You might use the API to provide article linking and federated search to your academic library users.
API to merge, convert and combine documents Office combine,conversion,documents,Merge,office,pdf, LOOP API allows you to merge, convert and combine documents on the Web. Automate the creation of sales proposals, sales contracts, quotes and virtually any document package required to sell or service your products. Convert and fill (merge) a number of file types. For example, fill a Word, Excel, PowerPoint, PDF and/or XML file and merge into one PDF.
Travel Data and Itinerary Service Travel booking,Itinerary,planning,transportation,travel, IZento is a collaborative travel planning service that sources data from providers such as: tour operators, GDSs, travel technology companies, and travel agent software companies.  Users input booking data as they typically would into a reservations system and the interface converts the information into a comprehensive itinerary based on the booking details. The iZento API allows users to create professional travel itineraries and documents while offering added revenue opportunities for companies. 
E-mail security product information service Security email,security, TekGuard Online Guardian is the website for Vinfo&#039;s security products. Vinfo (Vector Information Systems Inc.) is a boutique technology consulting firm and specialty software provider. Its security products are designed to eliminate spam and filter traffic on e-mail servers. The TekGuard Product Info API is used by the TekGuard website to retrieve information on Vinfo&#039;s security products via SOAP calls.
Online code compiler and debugger Tools code,compiler,debugger,tools, The Ideone API allows users to run code in multiple languages online. Ideone is an online compiler and debugging tool which allows users to compile and run code online in more than 40 programming languages. Using the API, developers can create their own desktop applications, www pages, on blogs and mobile devices. It can be used for educational, personal and business purposes.  The API allows users to upload source code and share it with everyone on the Internet, run the code (with input data) on server side in more than 40 programming languages, download results of the execution (output, standard error, compilation information, execution time, memory usage, etc.). It uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML. 
Lasso 9 reference information retrieval service Reference backend,reference, The Lasso development platform is designed to support custom, data-driven websites by bridging the gap between popular web servers, data sources, and various other communication tools and protocols. Lasso is downloadable software available for MacOS X, Windows, and Linux operating systems.a?a?  The contents of the reference library for Lasso 9 are available online and can be accessed programmatically using REST calls, which retrieve the information in JSON format. This allows information from the Lasso 9 Reference Library to be used in other applications.
Protein data bank services Medical bioinformatics,japan,medical, Use the Protein Data Bank Japan (PDBj) API to get protein sequence and structure data, useful in biotech research and other research. Protein Data Bank Japan maintains a repository of macromolecular structures and offers tools, in collaboration with the RCSB in the US and the MSD-EBI in the EU. PDBj is supported by JST-BIRD. The head of PDBj is a professor at Osaka University.
3D API for web browsers Other 3d,graphics, O3D is a new, shader-based, low-level graphics API for creating interactive 3D applications in a web browser. O3D runs on multiple operating systems and browsers, performs well in JavaScript, and offers the capabilities developers need to create a diverse set of rich applications. O3D has an open-source JavaScript API for creating interactive 3D graphics applications that run in a browser window???games, ads, 3D model viewers, product demos, and virtual worlds.
Corporate filings service Financial deadpool,finance,Investing,stocks, API for accessing SEC Filings by company, type, or company and type (ie. Google Filings, 10-Q (Quarterly Reports) Filings, or Google 10-Q Filings)
Online ad management Advertising advertising, From their site: Advertiser Web Services enables advertisers to develop software which interacts directly with Yahoo! Search Marketing campaign management systems. Advertisers can use XML based transactions to perform many of the features that are available through our account access user interface.be adapted to efficiently manage Yahoo! Search Marketing accounts, listings, bids, and reports. 
Blog comments management Blogging blog,Comments, From their site: Disqus provides an API for users to interact with the Disqus backend. Disqus is the webwide discussion community where you carry your conversations with you. For Bloggers - Plug in and experience the best comment system, backed by your own forum. For Everyone - Claim and track your comments across blogs!
Web based postage service Shipping labels,mail,postage,shipping, Endicia Internet Postage provides technology solutions to the mailing industry. Solutions include Windows-based presort mail software, WYSIWYG mailpiece design software, internet address verification, internet move updating, internet postage with electronic delivery confirmation, and internet postage with international mail.  The Endicia Label Server API allows partners to embed web-based, on-demand U.S. Postal Services into their applications and websites so their customers can print Postal shipping labels from within their application. The system produces an integrated label image, complete with (stealth) postage, verified delivery/return addresses, and service barcodes (Delivery Confirmation, Signature Confirmation, Certified Mail, Express Mail, Confirm Services, or customs numbers). Full documentation is not publicly available.
Product Database Service Database advertising,comparison,database,merchant,prices,shopping, VigLink is a service that embeds affiliate links where possible to make a publisher money from referrals and other purchases. The VigLink Catalog API allows users to access a searchable database of products which includes prices, images, descriptions, and additional information. The API uses REST calls and returns XML. The VigLink Catalogue API makes it possible to create price search and comparison engines in third party applications. An account is required with service and an API key is used for user authentication. 
Dutch stock market information service Financial financial,netherlands,stocks, ABN AMRO Markets is a stock market information website provided by ABN AMRO Bank N.V., a Dutch state-owned bank. The ABN AMRO Markets API provides users with programmatic access to stock quotes. It also provides access to additional stock information such as ISIN, asset class, product type, reference currency, and more. The website is provided entirely in Dutch. 
Social Network Data Access Service Social china,social, 51.com is a Chinese social networking website. The 51.com API is a RESTful API that lets developers create applications that can access 51.com user data in XML or JSON format. 
Event listing service Events culture,events,news,NYTimes,search, The New York Times offers a variety of APIs available to developers. The New York Times Events API allows developers to access and integrate cultural event listings from the New York Times with other applications and sites. Example API methods include searching for events by location, searching events with full text search, and searching for events based on other characteristics. 
Geographic data collection service Mapping coupons,events,local,location,mapping,places, Hyperpublic is a platform that collects geographic and local information from the web. Hyperpublic collects open data on places and points of interest, local deals and events, and other geo data that can be integrated into location-aware applications.   The Hyperpublic API allows developers to access Hyperpublic geo data for integration with other applications and to build other location-aware applications. Some example API methods include listing places, creating places, showing deals, listing deals, and managing information about places, deals, and events.   Hyperpublic shut down its API in March 2012 after being acquired by GroupOn.
Customer referral service Reference customer,reference,referral,shopping, ReferralCandy is an ecommerce referral tool that businesses can use to encourage current customers to refer friends back to their business or products. Customers are emailed a unique coupon link to share with friends. The coupon/discount is determined by the business. Sales can then be tracked based on customer referrals. The API offers e-store integration with the ReferralCandy platform using RESTful GET and POST calls.
Local vouchers and offers Shopping places,restaurant,search,shopping,uk,vouchers, Our vouchers and offers API includes a geocoded searchable data base of local and national vouchers, voucher codes, offers and discounted restaurants and hotels. The service currently allows data to be extracted for UK locations, classifications and general keyword searches. Printable vouchers can be displayed while a non-branded, non-registration booking engine can be called for restaurants and hotels. The API also includes a complete data base of online voucher codes which can be used by voucher doce websites to create one single voucher code feed rather than multiple feeds from affiliates or manual input. 
National Football League statistical data Sports sports,statistics, NFLData.com provides pro football statistical data for personal and professional use. Products include weekly and seasonal data at the player and team level.  The NFLData.com API allows developers to automate website or application integration. The API returns JSON or XML formatted data.
Government health agency information Government government,health, Healthfinder is an example of a government health agencya??s API. Their Quick Guide to Healthy Living API provides developers the latest version of the healthfinder.gov Quick Guide to Healthy Living content. This API allows developers flexibility to create customized products. To assist with this process, they have made the same content and updates available via content syndication for users with less web development experience or fewer resources. 
Online eBook discussion platform Social books,ebooks,social, Readmill is an online and mobile platform for readers to share information about what eBooks they are reading, allowing them to highlight and discuss sections of eBooks with other users.   The Readmill API allows developers to access and integrate the data and functionality of Readmill with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving and managing user information, retrieving information on books, and managing comments from Readmill.
Payment platform for digital goods Payment content,payment,publishing, Nibl is a hosted payment platform that allows content creators to sell their digital content to mobile and web publishers. Nibl simplifies the payment process by allowing customers to use a single account across the nibl network, thus eliminating the need for publishers to acquire payment and personal information at the point of purchase.  Nibl offers a REST API to partner publishers. Full API documentation is available upon enrollment. 
IP and host name geolocating service Mapping deadpool,DNS,geolocation,IP,mapping, The service provides search access to a database of geolocation information for IP addresses and host names. An application can query with an IP or host name and retrieve the geographic location of the associated server.  API methods support submission of a query specifying either IP address or host name and the desired output format for the data. Returned data include the city code and name, the region code and name (e.g., U.S. state or Canadian province), the country code and name, postal code, latitude and longitude. 
Geo-targeted advertising for online maps Advertising advertising,deadpool,geolocation,location, From their site: Lat49 brings real world geo-targeting capability to online marketing. Lat49 provides advertisers with the unique opportunity to deliver messaging from a national branding level right down to very geo-targeted audiences at the street or neighborhood levels. Note that login is required to view the API documentation. 
Virtual learning management system Education education,learning, Agilix BrainHoney is a state-of-the-art learning management system to help educational institutions improve students&#039; learning experience. It is designed with course authoring, learning objective management, gradebook management, and student tools to make virtual learning easier.  BrainHoney supports the Distributed Learning Application Protocol (DLAP) for system integration. BrainHoney ToGo Player, BrainHoney Web Server, and BrainHoney Reporting Server interact with the BrainHoney Servers using the DLAP API. This same API can be used to integrate third party applications with BrainHoney. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Online ticketing sales platform Events entertainment,events,sales,tickets, Tick.ee is a free online ticketing sales platform. Sign up for an account with tick.ee and sell tickets on a tick.ee mini-site or straight from your own website. Tick.ee offers features such as scan apps, and is easy to set up.   Tick.ee offers a REST API for access to account, ticket and user information. Sample API methods include accounts, events, locations, orders, payment service providers, ticket types, tickets, and users. Authentication is provided via OAuth 2. 
Fantasy sports data on leagues, teams and players Sports fantasy,games,sports, Yahoo Fantasy Sports is the world&#039;s largest fantasy sports provider, allowing users to compete against each other using statistics from real-world competitions. The Yahoo Fantasy Sports API provides rich data on leagues, teams and player information. This data can be used to build non-commercial tools and applications that help analyze draft results, review free agents, optimize current rosters, or other apps  The Yahoo Fantasy Sports API utilizes the Yahoo Query Language (YQL) as a mechanism to access Yahoo Fantasy Sports data, returning data in XML and JSON formats.
Social engagement service  Social engagement,mobile,social, InAppSocial is a social engagement service that strives to enhance the customer experience with mobile apps and mobile content. The platform provides a mobile optimized conversation engine that drives in-app social conversations for the purpose of communications and collaboration between app publishers and their users.   InAppSocial offers a RESTful API for integrating their services. Example API methods include get conversation stats, discover conversation types, list conversations, post a conversation, reply to a conversation, comment, like, and rate. Responses are returned in JSON.
Bad word list filtering service Utility deadpool,utility, The Filthylist SOAP API is a free text sanitation service. Users can submit a string for &quot;Does Contain&quot; and &quot;Asterick-Out&quot; functionality, with a 50 submissions per day cap per registered domain. The idea is to see which dirty words people think are the worst, and also see all the variations of that word or expression that people are using.   Some words after enough votes will reach a &quot;Golden&quot; status, which means that pretty much everyone agrees that a word is certainly filthy. Premium service is also available which allows users to create and manage custom bad word lists for various sites, as well as get up to unlimited access.
Whois query service Internet DNS,domain,internet,tools,utility,whois, The Hexillion Whois API provides a single, consistent, programmable interface to the Whois system. It automatically queries the correct Whois server, breaks the Whois record details out into separate fields, returns XML, and is built for volume use.
Affiliate management service Tools affiliate,deadpool,tools, The Argos affiliate program offers a full suite of APIs built to assist users in managing and optimizing their affiliate links. An account with service is required to use and view the APIs. 
Global church locator service Tools church,religion,tools, ChurchZip provides a global locator service for Christian churches. Users can search for churches by city or by postal code. They may also select the desired search radius in either miles or kilometers. The ChurchZip service is available online as either a web interface or a SOAP API.
Video Advertising Platform Advertising advertising,exchange,media,reports,video, SpotXchange is a video advertising exchange where ad buyers bid on video ad inventories. The site services more than 400 million actions per day.  The spotXchange API allows users to access reports on user account data including, revenue reports, traffic reports, advertiser level reports, and referrer level report. The API uses REST calls and an OData service structure. An account is required with service.
Blog search and news aggregation service Blog Search blog,news,search, The blogosphere publishes - we index, interpret, filter, and cleanse. All you have to do is tune in and listen. Every day we monitor over 500 thousand pieces of unique content published by 12 million weblogs; a publishing pace that accelerates every single day as more individuals publish their unique views and perspectives online.
Online video player Video internet,video, LongTail Video produces JW Player, an internet video player. Bits on the Run manages the complete video workflow including uploading, transcoding, streaming, and analyzing. The Bits on the Run Developer API allows developers to insert Bits on the Run functionality into any website or application. This includes video uploads, player embeds, and thumbnail creation. The provider offers API kits that manage the authentication, serialization and sending of API calls, streamlining the interaction with Bits on the Run. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON, as well as serialized PHP and Python. 
SMS Group Message Service Telephony deadpool,india,sms,social,telephony, GupShup is a free (for India) group SMS service to connect with your friends and follow your passions over SMS.  Users can send messages to groups of friends by joining or creating groups others can join/subscribe to and can receive messages from the groups they have subscribed to.  The GupShup RESTful API allows developers to access messages sent through GupShup. These messages can then be integrated into websites or other applications. 
Social Web Search Engine Social identity,search,social,Twitter, Qwerly is a people search engine for the social web. The service can be used to connect a user on one social network to accounts on other networks. Search using a Twitter username and Qwerly returns data and other social information links (Facebook, LinkedIn, Foursquare, Plancast, etc.). The API provides a simple, REST API with JSON response to use Qwerly&#039;s service within your own applications.
Mapping and geospatial web services Mapping display,mapping,openstreetmap,uk,viewer, The CloudMade APIs and tools provide geo developers with a rich mapping platform. It&#039;s built on top of the rapidly growing OpenStreetMap project of open source geo data.   The CloudMade Web Maps API provides users with an easy method for inserting simple, interactive maps into their web pages. Users must sign up for a CloudMade API key in order to use the API, which is available in JavaScript format. 
Hyperlocal data and news aggregator News deadpool,hyperlocal,local,news,search, EveryBlock aggregates public data for over 15 cities across the United States. The data available varies by city, but is all made available via the EveryBlock API by providing schemas for each metro. The company also provides a widget for light weight integrations. The REST-style API returns XML
Academic research repository Reference education,reference, From their site: Allows access to all of the arXiv data, search and linking facilities. The Cornell University e-print arXiv, hosted at arXiv.org, is a document submission and retrieval system used by the physics, mathematics and computer science communities. It has become the primary means of communicating manuscripts on current and ongoing research. The arXiv repository is available worldwide. Manuscripts are often submitted to the arXiv before they are published by more traditional means. In some cases they may never be submitted or published elsewhere. The purpose of the arXiv API is to allow programmatic access to the arXiv&#039;s e-print content and metadata. The goal of the interface is to facilitate new use of the the vast body of material on the arXiv.
Transportation time estimation service Shipping shipping,transportation,trucking, The service provides shipping time estimates for less-than-truckload (LTL) shipments via three regional trucking lines, Reddaway, Holland, and New Penn. The companies have partnered in the YRC Regional Transportation network to serve different regions within North America, and the time estimates reflect their joint coverage.  API methods support specification of origin and destination ZIP codes along with requested pickup date. Methods return estimated time in transit for the load, along with particulars about the carrier to be used with contact information, the industry standard time for such a load to allow comparison with the estimate, and any available service upgrades.
Spelling suggesting service Dictionary Dictionary,spelling, The ProperSpell API is a RESTful API that provides &#039;Did you mean&#039; style spell check suggestions, currently only for English. The service can be integrated into developers&#039; applications. The API returns data in XML, JSON, JSONP, PSER, and HTML formats.
Thesaurus and answers lookup services Answers answers,deadpool,Dictionary,reference, Use the Questsin API to get programmatic access to the same data available from the main Questsin site. On the main site, you enter two or more similar things, such as places, people, products, movies, games, and words (for example, Christmas vs. Hanukkah), and then information about that submission is provided. Multiple data formats are available, such as numbers, dates, and strings. Questsin is an ongoing hobby research project related to nontraditional approaches to Artificial Intelligence.
Cloud storage platform  File Sharing cloud,deadpool,file-sharing,hosting,storage, BayFiles is a cloud storage platform. It was created by two founds of The Pirate Bay. BayFiles allows users to upload their files they wish to share to storage servers. From there, users can offer their files on media-sharing platforms such as The Pirate Bay. The BayFiles API exposes the upload and account management functionalities. It is a RESTful API that returns JSON-encoded data. 
Local reviews service Recommendations local,mapping,places,reviews,travel,uk, The Qype API gives you access to their database of over 0.5M reviews and ratings of pubs, bars, restaurants and other local businesses across the world. You can search by name, longitude and latitude, and user, and the database of geo-coded place reviews and ratings is multi-lingual.
Cloud identity service Security cloud,identity,security, Stormpath is a cloud based service that is used to manage users and ease authentication and access control within applications. The API provides programmatic access to the functionality of the service. This includes basic CRUD operations on accounts, applications, directories, groups and tenants. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON. Full documentation is not publicly available.
Event promotion service Events deadpool,events,marketing, Bullseyehub provides event promotion software, employing automatic event listings, email, and mobile and social tools to assist its users in promoting their events online.  The API allows developers to integrate events and content from Bullseyehub onto their sites or into their applications. Through this API, users have access to detailed listings for over 1,000 unique events per month, and can customize their API queries by genre, venue, or geolocation. Please note that only details on future events are available via the Bullseyehub API.  This is a RESTful API that returns data in XML and JSON formats, is free to use, and requires an API key for access.
Chuck Norris joke database Entertainment celebrity,deadpool,entertainment,fun, The Internet Chuck Norris Database provides a large collection of Chuck Norris jokes for public entertainment. Using a RESTful API, users can retrieve one or several random jokes, or fetch a specific joke. Users may also retrieve a joke, but replace &quot;Chuck Norris&quot; with a name of their choosing.
WikiMapia is a project to describe the whole planet Earth. Done as a community-built geographic WikiPedia. Just move the map to find interesting places, click on rectangles, create your own. null mapping,wiki, WikiMapia is a project to describe the whole planet Earth. Done as a community-built geographic WikiPedia. Just move the map to find interesting places, click on rectangles, create your own.
QR scanning app Utility barcode,qr,utility, QRdvark is a QR scanning app for Android phones. The QRdvark API allows developers to use QRdvark as the scanning functionality for their own third-party applications.
Watch.io is a fast video search engine for free movies and full episodes online. Search across numerous sites with a single click. You can even include Netflix or Amazon Prime in the results. Watch.io is a great alternative to the new Netflix search interface. Query thousands of Netflix videos filtered by name, cast, director, rating or year. View results in 5 distinct views. null episodes,movies,reference,search,television,watch, Watch.io is a fast video search engine for free movies and full episodes online. Search across numerous sites with a single click. You can even include Netflix or Amazon Prime in the results. Watch.io is a great alternative to the new Netflix search interface. Query thousands of Netflix videos filtered by name, cast, director, rating or year. View results in 5 distinct views.
Web search components Search ajax,deadpool,search, The Google AJAX Search API is a Javascript library that allows you to embed Google Search in your web pages and other web applications. You can embed a simple, dynamic search box and display search results in your own web pages or use the results in innovative, programmatic ways. The API allows developers to integrate Web Search, News Search, and Blog Search into their web site. Add Local Search results to their web site, or integrate them with their Google Maps API mashup. Add YouTube Videos and Google Image Search results to their web site or blog.  The functionality of this API is now covered by the &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.programmableweb.com/api/google-custom-search&quot;&gt;Google Custom Search API&lt;/a&gt;.
Stock fundamentals lookup service Financial financial,stocks, The GlobalFundamentals web service provides stock fundamentals for a large universe of globally listed public companies. Users can query the service to return data including Corporate information, Shares Outstanding, Market Capitalization, Earnings Per Share, Price Earning Ratio and more. Users can look up fundamentals of a globally listed company either by its symbol, CUSIP, ISIN, or Valoren. Data is updated daily. The API uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
eBay trading service Shopping ecommerce,selling,shopping, The eBay Trading API offers secure, authenticated access to private eBay data. Developers can use the eBay Trading API to build applications such as selling and post-sales management applications, manage user information, and initiate item purchase flow on eBay.  The API uses SOAP and HTTP protocols to return responses in XML, and includes .Net, Java, and PHP API SDK&#039;s. There are also [[http://developer.ebay.com/DevZone/XML/docs/HowTo/index.html tutorials]] for using the Trading API with PHP, Perl, C#, and Java.
Promotional clothing and product design service Advertising advertising,design,logos,marketing,promotion, The service allows creation of designs for logo clothing and other personalized promotional products. It accepts input of design parameters and outputs a production file to control automated embroidery or printing machinery.   API methods support generation of graphics and graphics templates for lettering and for other designs in either scaled vector graphics (SVG) formats or in formats specific to embroidery machines. Methods also support creation and management of order fulfillment files to complete production of items bearing specified designs. 
User profile data service Social code,community,internet,Profile,social, Coderwall is a community based social network created with the purpose of allowing users to create light-weight profiles that display achievements in coding and development. Users gain publicly displayed badges, such as the T-Rex achievement for &quot;having at least one original repo where C is the dominant language&quot; or the Octopusy achievement for &quot;having a repo followed by a member of the GitHub team&quot;. Users can also join and create company teams to compete for the highest score.  The Coderwall Profile API simply exposes a JSON representation of every profile that can be retrieved via HTTP. When a valid username is included within the GET request, a response consisting of profile information and a list of achievements will be returned in either JSON or JSONP.
Restaurant Menu Service Food food,menus,restaurant,social, Allmenus is a food-centered site that is broken up by cities and states and allows users to search for restaurant menus. Users can search by state and then by city then by cuisine type or dish to retrieve restaurant, menu, and reservation options. The Allmenus API allows users to query all data contained within the Allmenu database. The API uses REST calls, returns XML, and requires an API key for access. 
Vacation rental marketplace Travel rental,travel,vacation, AirBNB is a vacation rental and room rental service that allows users to rent out their houses or rooms to travellers and travellers can search for accommodations by location to find a place to rent.   The AirBNB API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AirBNB with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: https://www.airbnb.com/developers.
Rental car shopping service Travel auto,shopping,travel, The Rental Car Shopping API delivers data describing rental car shopping results similar to those that can be obtained when shopping for rental car rates on Hotwire.com. Each result returned includes a URL that can be used to view additional details and complete a purchase on Hotwire.com. Hotwire&#039;s affiliate program offers the opportunity to earn commissions for referral traffic that results in transactions on Hotwire.com
Mobile and web application database Database application,database,mobile, appto.us is a database of mobile and web applications. The appto.us database can be searched and browsed for a variety of mobile and web applications. Developers can add and manage their applications on appto.us.  The appto.us API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of appto.us with other applications. Some example API methods include accessing application information, managing account information, and listing various applications.
News article retrieval service News articles,news, CompuServe is a subsidiary of AOL that provides internet access and products. The CompuServe homepage hosts articles and content from Time Warner sources such as CNN, People, Fortune, and Entertainment Weekly.  The CompuServe Newsgroups Public API enables users to retrieve articles from CompuServe or to post articles to a selected newsgroup. These functions are accessible using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Dispatch and Route Service Transportation logistics,planning,route,tracking,transportation, InsightUSA is a business tracking service built around the integration of GPS into business services. The company&#039;s services include street dispatch, route optimization, public fleet display, mobile tracking, and others. The StreetEagle API allows users to integrate the services into third-party applications. The service includes a full developer guide, sample .NET web apps for testing, and developer support. 
Solar energy information service Weather energy,environment,solar,weather, The service provides a Digital Elevation Model (DEM) build from data representing terrain features as detected by the Shuttle Radar Tomography Mission (SRTM). Elevation affects the efficiency of solar energy collection, including photovoltaic (PV) electricity production. By modeling terrain features and elevation, the service helps to improve accuracy of estimates of solar energy production at a location.  API methods support specification of an area of interest (AOI), either a bounding box defined by mapped coordinates or a single location. Methods return high-accuracy elevation data for use in solar energy production estimates.
Social IOU Service Social accounting,Groups,payment,social,tools,tracking, Yootles is a group prediction and decision making mechanism that also includes a system for establishing social IOUs. Yootles uses a REST-style API to allows users to integrate the IOU service into other applications and make calls remotely to send, update, and track IOUs between users. An account is required with service, and an API Key must be obtained to use the API.
Web visual search service Search categorization,deadpool,search, Helioid is a visual search and aggregation tool that helps refine web searches. The Helioid API is a public API that generates categorizations from groups of data. Various functions are provided for retrieving items in a category, etc. It uses a RESTful interface and results are returned in XML format.
Bulk SMS service Messaging messaging,sms, BudgetSMS.net is an SMS service that can often provide many routes to a single destination and handle a large volume of messages. Their messaging gateway can send SMS to almost any network in the world. The BudgetSMS.net API allows users to send SMS messages, check their credit balances, and get information on a mobile phone operator.
Contacts database PIM contacts,pim, The Windows Live Contacts API is an HTTP-based service that enables developers to programmatically submit queries to and retrieve results from the Windows Live Contacts Address Book database.
Travel planning service Travel database,tools,travel, Budget Your Trip is a service that determines travel costs based on usersa?? information. Users register their trips and include expenses by category and location. The information the input will be shown against average costs computed from other usersa?? similar travels. Their RESTful API exposes the websitea??s essential functionality. Results about trip location, currency, and average costs are returned in XML, JSON, or text. 
Local coupon aggregation service Shopping aggregator,coupons,shopping, Yipit provides aggregated online coupons, combining the offers provided by over 250 coupon services, including Groupon and LivingSocial. The Yipit API is currently in closed beta, though developers can express interest by filling out the form. No public documentation is available at this time.
Community site customization service Internet internet,social,website, LiveWorld provides hosted community sites for companies to interact with their customers. These &quot;online parties,&quot; as the company calls them, help create dialog and relationships.  The LiveWorld API provides programmatic access to much of the data and functionality within the LiveWorld platform. Developers can retrieve profile information, activity feeds, individual blogs, message forums and photo sharing, among other features.  The API uses both SOAP and RESTful calls. Data for both protocols is made available via XML. Full documentation requires a LiveWorld account.
Music recommendation and discovery Music music, From their site: OpenStrands services allow you to programmatically perform many of the same functions available to you through the MyStrands website using a browser. The platform currently includes account, catalog, recommendation, playlist, tagging, and community services. Use of OpenStrands is free to registered MyStrands users.
Online photo editing service Photos photo, Snipshot Services is the way for outside sites to hook into Snipshot. As a site developer, you can use Services to give your users the power to edit their pictures online with Snipshot.
Box contents information management service Tools organization,pim,shipping,tools,tracking, Boxmeup is designed to help users to track and organize physical objects stored in boxes. It can be used for keeping track of items while moving, sorting items going into storage, or tracking boxes while they&#039;re being shipped. Users can access Boxmeup via mobile devices, which can also be used to scan box labels and get their corresponding information from the service.
Mobile photo sharing Photos deadpool,mobile,photo,telephony, From their site: The Personal Photos API gives your application real time access to the photo albums of Orange France customers, enabling you to view photos and add new photos, with their permission.
Travel recommendation service Travel deadpool,recommendations,travel, Nextstop is a community effort to build a catalog of recommendations best things to do and places to visit around the world. The Nextstop API is a REST style API that returns results in the JSON format. Currently available only as a read only API, the nextstop API lets you access all of the original recommendations contained on nextstop.com for purposes of display on your site or application. The APIs can be used to search for relevant content in the nextstop database, or to retreive all available information about a particular place or guide.   Nextstop is a community effort to build a catalog of all the best things to do, places to go, and experiences to try anywhere in the world.
Consumer product recall information Government government,product,recall,safety, The US Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) provides information about the safety of consumer products dating back to 1973. CPSC offers a recall service which can be accessed through the API. The API provides data in XML format. Data available includes recall number, company, product type and description and more.
URL shortener and monetizing service Internet advertising,deadpool,internet,url-shortener,utility, Xa.ly is a URL shortener that allows its users to earn money by sharing links as they normally would. Unlike other URL shorteners, when possible it displays a relevant advert for the content of the shortened URL before the original URL is shown. Xa.ly provides users with an API that allows them to create Xa.ly Urls. The API uses RESTful protocol.
Original works copyright service Security copyright,media,security, Myows is a web site that allows freelancers and other creatives to manage their copyright and protect their original work from illegal copying. The site lets users create proof of authorship as well as provide various means of deterrence against theft. With the API users can list original works flitered by given parameters, return info on orginal works, download original works and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Electrical service outage reporting service Tools energy,reporting,scheduling,tools, The service provides notifications of planned and unplanned maintenance outages across the provider&#039;s network of electricity generating stations in the south-central and southwestern U.S. It allows power providers to create outage reports for their facilities and to view reports for other providers to aid in anticipating and scheduling their own operations.  API methods support posting an outage report with facilities affected as well as date, time, and expected duration. Methods also support retrieval of lists of power generating facilities within the network and outage reports currently scheduled or in process for any of them.
Email marketing service Email email,marketing,sbweb, GetResponse is a full-featured email marketing solution. Send newsletters, surveys and follow-ups. The GetResponse API lets you go further with advanced mail merge operations and a full set of methods to put GetResponse in your own interface and integrate with your in-house applications, databases, e-commerce shopping carts, CRM, and CMS systems.  The GetResponse API provides access to accounts, campaigns, messages, contacts, links, blacklists and confirmations. Both requests and responses are formatted as JSON.
Massively multiplayer online science fiction games Games games, From Wikipedia: EVE Online is a player-driven persistent-world massively multiplayer online game (MMOG) in a science fiction space setting in which players pilot a wide array of customizable ships. It is developed by the Icelandic company CCP Games. From their site: The world&#039;s largest game universe. The EVE API is a platform created to allow third party tools (programs, web sites, etc) to access character and corporation data for the purpose of enhancing the EVE experience. We have chosen to expose some game data with this goal in mind. 
Dating service based on music interests Music dating,music,recommendations,social, Tastebuds.fm is a dating service based on usersa?? tastes in music. Users can list their favorite bands, or import their musical tastes from their Facebook or Last.fm profiles. Users must also input their gender and orientation. With this information Tastebuds.fm will then compare usersa?? interests with others and recommend profiles with similar tastes. Public documentation is not available. Interested developers should contact the provider.
Customer Authentication Service Security authentication,bitcoin,merchant,payment,security,shopping, BlockScore is a customer authentication and verification service that aims to assists users with handling the regulatory compliance issues surrounding international payment and transfers. The BlockScore API uses REST calls and allows users to submit data for authentication, off-load data, verify passports, and perform other tasks. An account, and an API key are required for use. SSL is required for all calls. 
Video microblogging service Video microblogging,social,video, Hictu is a video microblogging site. It provides an API for retrieving video posts and user profiles, as well as the ability to post text/video messages. The basic API does not require an API Key and is read-only. The Advanced API allows users access to the Hictu platform with write permission. Using this method users can post their thoughts on the home page or share videos.
Social Q&A website Answers answers,social,Twitter, Quetter is a website where users can both submit questions to be answered and answer questions asked by other users within the community. Quetter provides an API that can be used to integrate Quetter services into another application. Methods exposed allow users to get the newest questions, get answers by question and user and get all genres. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Document creation, conversion, and automation platform Office cloud,conversion,documents,office, Aspose provides cloud-based services for document generation, conversion, and automation. It works with documents created in Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Adobe, and OpenDocument. It is also designed to handle barcodes, optical character recognition (OCR), and email formats and protocols. The Aspose REST APIs enable users to integrate many document processing and management tasks into their applications. These tasks include, but are not limited to, document assembly, file conversion, text extraction, barcode generation, and email tracking.
eBay Search service Search auction,search,shopping, eBay&#039;s Finding API provides programmatic access to search capabilities on the eBay platform. It lets users search and browse for items listed on eBay, and provides metadata to refine searches and customize the searching process. Developers can use this API to build search and browse capabilities into bidding and buying applications.  The Finding API exposes a variety of search capabilities, including searching based on keyword, associated items, listing details, categories (domains), item characteristics (aspects), and domain and aspect metadata. The API can also provide keyword recommendations to help refine search results.  This API can be used via SOAP, HTTP, and REST. It can also be integrated with JavaScript and PHP using eBay&#039;s API tutorial kits. 
Traffic data and routing Transportation auto,location,mapping,traffic,transit,transportation, From their site: Traffic Web Services from Yahoo! enable you to get traffic alert information from a given location. Use the Traffic REST API to customize your request with many parameters including indicating locations based on city state, zip code, or a combination of any of these things, latitude-longitude, whether to include a map image, or a search radius in miles. Traffic Web Services are also available through a [[http://developer.yahoo.net/traffic/rss/V1/index.html dynamic RSS feed]].
Research company background data Reference deadpool,reference, Provides programmatic access to D&B&#039;s many business reports, including rich business and credit information reports that can greatly enrich any business intelligence initiative.   
Local user reviews and search service Recommendations local,recommendations,search, The goal of the Praized API is to make it easier for developers to build services using data about merchants and places. Use the Praized API to build local search into your app quickly. Praized is set up to allow users to have an easy way to recommend local places to each other. It is a local search platform built especially for blogs, social networks, and other places where a vibrant community exists.
Mobile Website Service Tools design,mobile,platform,tools,Web, DudaMobile makes mobile websites. The site takes existing desktop sites and converts them to mobile sites, which usually takes less than 10 seconds. DudaMobile API allows users to: Create Sites, Create Sub-Accounts*, Sign users into the account (via SSO), Access Site Analytics, and pull an updated list of supported mobile user agents. The DudaMobile API allows users to integrate these options into third-party platforms, instead of having to log into DudaMobile directly. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON. The service is free to use, but an account is required with service. 
Large wiki-style database of song lyrics with real time suggestions, related music videos, and download links to DRM-free mp3s. null lyrics,mp3,music,search,video, Large wiki-style database of song lyrics with real time suggestions, related music videos, and download links to DRM-free mp3s.
Australian battlefield tour travel agency Travel Australia,travel, Boronia Travel Centre is an Australian travel agency that specializes in battlefield tours to locations like Gallipoli and the Western Front. It is also the official travel agent for the Australian War Memorial Battlefields tours. Developers can use the Boronia Travel Centre API to retrieve information on types of holidays, types of hotels, and regions.
World of Warcraft armory database Games deadpool,games,warcraft,wow, 3DArmory.com is the socialized World of Warcraft Armory alternative with 3D Models and galleries. Within the site, you can discuss, comment and rate toons, and screenshots.  3DArmory.com provides JavaScript tools to 3rd party websites for using armory data.
Tickets search service Events events,search,sports,tickets, SeatGeek is a ticket search site that aggregates sports, concert, and theater ticket listings from Stubhub, ebay, TicketsNow, and many more. The site displays this information in addition to interactive seating charts to allow for easy assessment of ticket quality. The companya??s Deal Score technology is used to identify which tickets for an event are the best bargains. It uses proprietary algorithms to forecast how ticket prices will move over time, enabling users to buy when prices are lowest.   The SeatGeek API provides developers with access to the companya??s dataset of live events. The RESTful API returns requests in JSON, JSONP, and XML and can provide detailed information on venue lat/lon, average ticket price, seating location, and more. SeatGeek has a community portal that keeps a record of all support conversations and is a useful tool when looking to get questions answered.   With the addition of the SeatGeek Partner Program a site can earn money every time a user from that site buys tickets. Each time a partner sends a referral to SeatGeek and they purchase a ticket, SeatGeek will pay their partner 50% of the revenue earned on that transaction. Currently users are averaging $11 per sale generated. 
Trip Tracking Service Travel gps,location,mapping,tools,track,travel, TripTracker is a social travel mapping service that users can use to store data about their trips; photos, journals, GPS coordinates, travel location, etc. Users can then share this data with friends and family, or make it public for the world to see. The TripTracker API is a RESTful API available for non-commercial use by developers who want to create their own applications using TripTracker services.
Workout, fitness and weight manager Sports exercise,fitness,nutrition,sports, Wger Workout Manager is an open source web application for managing exercise and fitness. Application features include a workout manager that allows you to create and manage your workout routines, a weight tracker that will keep track of your progress, and a nutrition manager that allows you to create a diet plan based on nutritional gudelines.    Wger Workout Manager provides a REST API for access to all wger Workout Manager database objects. Public endpoints such as lists of exercises or ingredients are available without authentication. For user owned objects such as workouts, an API key is required. 
Automated energy grid stabilization specification Utility energy,utility, Open Automated Demand Response (OpenADR) is an open and standardized way for electricity providers and system operators to communicate Demand Response (DR) signals with each other and with their customers. It uses a common language that functions over any IP-based communications network, such as the Internet.  Demand Response can be used to ease severely constrained electrical grids, postponing or even averting energy crises. Automated Demand Response (ADR) reduces the operating costs of DR programs and increases their reliability by sending and receiving DR signals automatically.  The OpenADR provides programmatic access to the OpenADR specification so that developers may access and implement it with their grid management systems. This API employs SOAP calls issued in XML format.
File data extraction service Utility pdf,text,utility, The service provides analysis and data extraction from a number of popular application file types, including PDF and Microsoft Office applications Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. It also extracts text or other data from scanned documents.  API methods support uploading a source document file in one of the recognized formats along with specifications of the data to be exported. In addition to PDF and MS Office formats, methods can process OpenOffice and WordPerfect documents, text files, .rtf  files, and a number of common image file formats. Requests also specify the source document language and MIME type, desired output template, and other technical parameters. Methods generate output in the desired output, such as html for web display.
Social networking service Social opensocial,social, The MySpace Developer Platform (MDP) allows developers to create applications that interact with MySpace members and their social data. With MDP you will be able to create compelling new products that integrate directly into MySpace pages and get exposure to millions of people around the world.
Virtual dating application Dating dating,facebook,social, VisionSync offers social applications on Facebook including its dating app SocialConnect that allows users to go on virtual dates. An API is offered for developers in the dating sector to share a single API with an established userbase of 500k profiles. Documentation is not publicly available.
File syncing service File Sharing documents,file,file-sharing,storage,sync, BitTorrent Sync is a file syncing, storage, and management application. BitTorrent Sync allows users to sync files and access them from any computer, phone, or tablet.   The BitTorrent Sync API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of BitTorrent Sync with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving folders, retrieving files, and managing and creating files and folders. 
Online News Service News aggregator,media,news, The DayPI gives you access to the platform we at Daylife to power [[http://www.daylife.com Daylife.com]]. The DayPI lets you ask questions of the news from around the world, and build applications on top of the answers, using whatever web application technology you like.
Secure note sending and deletion service Messaging encryption,messaging,notes,security,sharing, NoteShred allows users to send sensitive information via encrypted, password-protected notes that automatically delete themselves when read. Users simply write a note, assign it a password, and select what event should trigger the note to &quot;shred&quot; itself. Notes are only accessible at a unique URL and can only be read by those with the password. NoteShred will notify the sender by email once the note has been shredded. NoteShred can be accessed from mobile devices, and its functions are accessible via REST API.
Return favicons for a URL Internet Favicon,internet, Retrieves the relevant favicon for a URL, or returns a default icon should it not be able to find it. It can find favicons specified by an HTML page&#039;s &lt;link&gt; element.
Location sharing service Social deadpool,gps,location,mapping,mobile,places, Note: As of July 2008 this in beta, no docs yet available. From their site: Brightkite is all about sharing your location and meeting new people based on the places you visit, and the latest way of doing that is with the Brightkite API. Using the Brightkite API you can add a location component to any site, social network, or application. 
Image editing service Photos image,photo, Thumbr.io serves the user&#039;s images at the right size and resolution for whatever devices they appear on and can add Instragram-like filters without affecting the original file. Users only need to upload one hi-res image, and Thumbr.io makes the adjustments automatically. Thumbr.io also provides smart cropping and thumbnail generation services. Thumbnail previews of websites or documents can be generated at any size or resolution. All of these features are available programmatically via the Thumbr.io API.
Social bookmarking service Bookmarks bookmarks,social, Pinboard is a social bookmarking tool with an API patterned off of Yahoo&#039;s popular Delicious service. Create, tag and search bookmarks. Write applications based off aggregated knowledge of public bookmarks, or a particular user&#039;s public bookmarks. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Cloud-based MySQL database Database cloud,database,SQL, Google Cloud SQL provides a cloud-based MySQL database that is recommended for small- and medium-sized applications. It offers the same abilities and functions as MySQL along with some additional features. The RESTful Google Cloud SQL API provides methods for working with instances and retrieving information. The API can be used to create, delete, restart, and restore instances as well as import and export databases. Users can also get information on instances and backup runs along with lists of project instances and available tiers of service.
Semantic meaning service Reference internet,semantic, This API provides access to the Cyc Knowledge Base. OpenCyc is the open source version of the Cyc technology, a general knowledgebase and commonsense reasoning engine. OpenCyc includes the Cyc ontology, which contains hundreds of thousands of terms, plus millions of assertions relating the terms to each other, forming an upper ontology whose domain is all of human consensus reality. Using the API, a programmer can build an OpenCyc app with very little familiarity with CycL or with the OpenCyc KB. You might use the API to create apps that access the knowledge base for browsing, editing, or inference.
Image watermarking service Photos image,photo, You Tracker offers the Image Watermarker API, which allows users to add a picture or text watermark to an image in whatever size, opacity, location, font, or color that they want. Examples of watermarked images and basic documentation for the API are provided on the You Tracker website. The API is free for public use.
Carbon emissions data Other carbon,environment,green, From their site: Carbon Monitoring for Action (CARMA) is a massive database containing carbon emissions data of over 50,000 power plants and 4,000 power companies worldwide. CARMA is the first global inventory of a major, emissions-producing sector of the economy.
Whois for Domains Utility domain,internet,parse,utility,whois, EnClout is interested in bringing data together from multiple sources and solve the data silo for businesses. EnClout provides a suite of domain related APIs. The Whois API takes a URL or domain as input and provides parsed whois records in JSON, XML or HTML format.
Access RSS and Atom feeds with JavaScript Feeds atom,feeds,rss, From their site: SimplePie Live! provides an AJAX-friendly JavaScript API for reading and displaying RSS and Atom feeds. SimplePie Live is the fast and easy way to get started using AJAX to add RSS and Atom feeds to your website.
Address book organization tool Other contacts,deadpool, The RESTful Contacts API can be used to store, modify and request address book information. Users can create contact resources and assign them to group resources. Group resources can be used in the Messaging API for sending SMS and MMS messages to groups. Responses can be in XML and JSON format.
Video Transfer And Sharing Service Video HD,hosting,media,sharing,video, The Lakatoo Flight API allows uses to send,store, and share large video files (HD or SD) over the internet. The API allows for integration of Lakatoo Flight into user applications. Using the REST protocol and returning JSON, users can securely send files using SSL supported calls.   The public Lakatoo API is currently in beta, documentation is available on request. 
Real-time data from Google Analytics Internet analytics,google,internet,realtime,reporting, The Google Real Time Reporting API provides access to real-time reports from Google Analytics. The API allows developers to access and integrate the data from the Google Real Time Reporting API with other applications and to create new applications. The main API method is returning the real time data from Google Analytics. 
Mobile payments service Shopping billing,mobile,payment, Daopay enables global payments, charged to the phone bill. Supports payments from mobile and landline phones and by SMS and works in over 200 countries. Our API sends you HTTP Notifications; we call your web app when you&#039;ve received a payment.
Current & historical Whois and network data Internet domain,DomainTools,history,internet,trademark,whois, You can access the same powerful research tools used every day by brand managers, legal professionals, site owners and domain investors.   Nearly every piece of data you&#039;ll find us using on the DomainTools site is available for your use, including Whois Lookup, Whois History, Reverse Whois, Domain Suggestions, and more.  Discover relationships among web sites, domain owners and IP addresses with Name Server Reports, Reverse IP lookups and Reverse Whois Reports.  Find domains to register or buy with Domain Suggestions and Domain Search APIs.   Monitor hundreds of thousands of new domain registrations each day for keywords or ownership profiles with the Trademark Alert and Registrant Alert APIs. 
Local deals aggregator Shopping aggregator,coupons,local,shopping, The 8coupons API gives developers access to the full feature set of the 8coupons site. 8coupons brings together all the deals from neighborhood restaurants, bars, salons, and stores so that users can find the best deals nearby. The API provides methods such as retrieving dealer types, getting deals by location, getting deals by store ID and more. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
Online retail outlet Shopping affiliate,shopping, ClickBank is a secure online retail outlet for more than 50,000 digital products and 100,000 active affiliate marketers. The ClickBank API allows users to securely access ClickBank account information on behalf of ClickBank account owners. Some of the functions available to users of the API include the ability to:      * Request a refund for a customer&#039;s purchase     * Request a cancelation for a customer&#039;s subscription     * Retrieve a list of transactions in a ClickBank account for a given timeframe  The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML, JSON and CSV.
Mobile identification service Telephony deadpool,identification,mobile,telephony, The Ericsson Mobile Identification API is the latest offering from Ericsson Labs. The Mobile Identification enabler provides users with the ability to develop Identification enabled web services. The API consists of a RESTful web interface for identifying a consumer???s ID, usually the MSISDN number or an alphanumeric alias.  Ericsson Labs is a concept for open innovation. The site holds APIs, resources, offerings, and various expert commentaries, produced by Ericsson. This assortment provides technologies and communities for developers and makes it easy to get in touch with a variety of experts from different fields.  
Code Snippet Sharing Service Tools programming,social,tools, Snipt is a service to share and refer back to code snippets, commands that programmers use frequently. The Snipt API is for developers who want to create their own applications that can interact with Snipt. All methods use HTTP GET requests, which means developers can request data from Snipt, but not send data to Snipt. 
Address book management Enterprise deadpool,enterprise,office,opensocial, From their site: This API will allow 3rd parties to programmatically synchronize information, address book, calendar, with the Plaxo network. It is also possible for a 3rd party to develop their own Plaxo client which integrates with a contact management application that Plaxo does not support natively. The API currently supports Plaxo-enabling an address book. Calendar, tasks, and notes are not supported yet, but may be added in the future. The API is currently available as a Representational State Transfer (REST) Web Service.
Cloud-based point of sale platform Payment mobile,payment,pos,retail, Targeted towards retail and hospitality businesses, Kounta is scalable, cloud-based point of sale platform. The Kounta POS service can be securely accessed on any device at anytime across a range of channels including online, in-store and mobile.  Kounta offers a RESTful API for the easy integration of Kounta services with third-party applications. Example methods include customers, companies, orders, registers, payments, products, staff, and much more. Both JSON and XML data types are supported. 
Geolocation and place service Mapping geolocation,gps,mapping,places,social, Waytag is a geolocation service. Waytag allows users to create a &quot;waytag&quot; with the address and GPS coordinates for letting people know where they should meet. Individuals and businesses can create Waytags, and users can also search for Waytags.  The Waytag API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Waytag with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should register here http://devzone.waytag.com for API access.
External vulnerability scanning solution Security DNS,geoip,internet,ping,security,whois, HackerTarget.com is a complete vulnerability scanning solution featuring hosted security testing tools, allowing organizations to test their internet perimeter and servers from an external perspective. HackerTarget.com exposes its IP tools through an API. Supported tools include traceroute, ping test, forward and reverse DNS lookup, WHOIS lookup, GeoIP lookup, reverse IP lookup, HTTP headers viewing, and page link dumping.  
Determine IP address from domain name Internet technology, From their site: Given the name of a Web server, this Web service returns the IP address. For example, www.anywebserver.com would return 256.1.1.56.
Stock and market price data service Financial finance,market,quotes,stocks,XML, Financial Content is a provider of stock market data, business news and content syndication services. Financial Content develops content, traffic and revenue opportunities for publishers and advertisers in the financial media industry. The Financial Content XML Quote API offers simple delivery of pricing data for up to 50 securities per request. The service is compatible with most content management services.
Spanish- and Portuguese-language online store creator Retail cloud,Portugal,retail,Spanish, Tienda Nube (Cloud Store in English) is a Spanish-language online store creation service. A Portuguese-language version of the service called Nuvem Shop also exists. Users can create their stores using pre-made themes or their own designs. Products can be added, updated, or removed at any time from the Cloud Manager. Tienda Nube allows users to make their stores available on Facebook so that their followers can buy directly from Facebook without leaving the site.  Users can access their stores and products programmatically via the Tienda Nube/Nuvem Shop REST API. Although their websites are offered only in Spanish and Portuguese, the API documentation is given in English.
Monetize on Kodak Global Retail Printing Photos photo,printing,retail,shopping, *** As just announced at the mobile photo connect conference in San Francisco, the KODAK Photo Service is now live ***  KODAK network service APIs enable your mobile app/desktop/web users to print photos and other exciting products through our unique global infrastructure and the largest fleet of quality output devices near your users - in the Western world.  Join our KODAK Photo Service program to get access to the KODAK network services APIs and have your applications ready for prime time, i.e. the upcoming holiday season.  KODAK takes the complexity out of global retail photographic product fulfillment, extending your reach and increasing your return of investment.  We are now accepting your applications for being among the first to benefit from this exciting opportunity. Wea??ll shortly announce our first major retail partner who has a huge footprint in North America a?? and are actively working on enabling many more around the globe, dynamically extending your reach and profitability via the exact same APIs.  Highlights include  a? Two interesting business models perfectly matching your application  a? No need for online payment - your user can pay at retail  a? Think beyond just prints! Kodak equipment at your nearby retail store can produce, cards, calendars, books, posters and more. Typically same day, often within the hour.  Did you ever think of providing Kodak quality greeting card printing from within your collage app? Convert the content of your social app into a tangible photobook? Get poster size canvas output from your painting app?  Well, just go to the portal and see what&#039;s possible when we open our infrastructure for your great apps.
Species datasets Reference biology,science, Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF) enables access to over 7000 datasets by over 200 data providers as part of a UDDI Registry. Get species data, including plants, animals, fungi and micro-organisms, plus species occurrence records with classifications and scientific and common names. Participants in the GBIF network can use a toolkit to efficiently publish to the Internet biodiversity data. GBIF is an international group that works to make the world&#039;s biodiversity data accessible anywhere. The GBIF office is at the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, in the Zoological Museum.
Cloud hosting monitoring service Utility cloud,hosting,monitoring,Server,tools,utility, Stackdriver is a cloud hosting monitoring service. Stackdriver provides monitoring and services for DevOps, including AWS, OpenStack, and Rackspace.  The Stackdriver API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Stackdriver with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. 
Listing and mapping public cycling stations Sports cycling,deadpool,places,spain,sports, API offering a listing and mapping of all bicing stations in XML, JSON and text formats.  Very limited documentation
eBay product compatibility service Retail ecommerce,retail,search,shopping, Parts Compatibility is an eBay feature that uses structured data to associate compatible assemblies with parts listed on eBay. It is meant to improve search relevancy allow item titles and descriptions be more detailed and infromative. The eBay Product Services APIs allow users to get information about eBay products and list their items with Parts Compatibility. It uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML, JSON and Name Value Pairs.
Rewards platform for applications Goal Setting goal-setting,health,rewards,social, AchieveMint is a rewards platform that integrates with applications already used, such as Twitter, Facebook, Foursquare, and others. AchieveMint allows users to earn rewards for posting healthy activities to applications.  The AchieveMint API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: http://www.achievemint.com/developer/join.
Social email and people search application Social contacts,email,people,search,social, Ark is an email, search, and people search application. Ark provides an email application that compiles all social information about contacts and provides a social search engine for people and contacts.  The Ark API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Ark with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should request an API key here: http://ark.com/beta-api. 
Online payment gateway Shopping sbweb,shopping, From their site: PaySimple not only enables you to easily process electronic check and credit card payments from your computer, it also proves a gateway for your customers to initiate payments.
Thermostat management solutions Tools energy,home,mobile,thermostat,tools, Ecobee is an energy solutions provider that offers WiFi enabled touch screen thermostats and the corresponding applications to manage them both from home and remotely. The ecobee API provides a developer interface for managing ecobee thermostats. The API is capable of reading, updating, and polling thermostat data. The API accepts HTTP GET/POST calls, authenticates with OAuth 2.0 framework, and returns JSON formatted responses.
Freelance programmer database Job Search freelance,jobs, Getafreelancer is a resource for finding freelance programmers or looking for freelance jobs; thousands of skilled programmers are available for hiring. The Getafreelancer API allows users and developers to access all the public information from the website&#039;s database. 
Search service for simplegeek blog Blog Search blog,search, Chris Anderson, author of the blog &quot;simplegeek&quot;, provides the BlogXBrowsing API as a method for searching his blog. API users can retrieve the dates of entries, entries for a given date, entry categories, entries by category, and RSS subscription methods for the blog. These functions are accessible using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Machine translation service Utility deadpool,mobile,Translation,utility, Use the &quot;Ta with you&quot; API (or TauYou Translation API) machine translation service to get 1-1 translations between different languages for texts of up to 250 words. Available languages are Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Portuguese, Dutch, Swedish, Italian, Spanish, French, German, and English.
Localmind offers a local conversation platform that lets users search for nearby conversations, create new conversations and interact with current conversations at specific locations around the world. null local,mobile,social, Localmind offers a local conversation platform that lets users search for nearby conversations, create new conversations and interact with current conversations at specific locations around the world.
Barcode Information Service Shopping barcode,EAN,merchant,shopping,upc, UPC Database is a global database of barcodes. The database includes UPC, EAN, and the Bookland system. The site was created to provide users access to the barcode meta data. The site also offers a digital check calculator, a QR Code generator, and a mobile site. The UCP Database API REST calls and allows users to get information from the site in JSON or XML. Users can also use cURL to add barcode information to the database. An account is required with service. 
Automated phone calling system  Telephony messaging,telephony, Call-em-all is a website that allows users to place automated phone calls or send texts. Call-Em-All offers the ability for developers to integrate the service into their applications. Access to the API is offered only for approved applications. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Blog search index service Blog Search atom,blog,news,rss,search,XML,  Spinn3r is a web service for indexing the blogosphere. We provide raw access to every blog post being published - in real time. We provide the data and you can focus on building your application / mashup.  Spinn3r handles all the difficult tasks of running a spider/crawler including spam prevention, language categorization, ping indexing, and trust ranking.  You can read more about Spinn3r on their [[http://blog.spinn3r.com official blog]] or on the [[http://feedblog.org blog of their CEO]].
Online reservation service Travel booking,hotel,reservations,travel, Planyo is a flexible online booking system for resources such as hotels, holiday apartments, yacht rentals, driving schools, tennis courts, doctor appointments, events etc. The Planyo API lets users perform advanced functions and automate the Planyo reservation system (e.g. import resource data and photos into your site, make automated reservations). Planyo is available in 13 languages and helps users manage clients&#039; bookings by handling all email communication with the clients, allowing various booking confirmation mechanisms, handling payments (also online credit card payments with PayPal or Moneybookers), printing invoices etc. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
Health care practitioner information service Medical medical,ratings,reputation, The service provides a clearinghouse of confidential information about the professional credentials of doctors, nurses, and other health care providers. The U.S.-government repository was created by Congress in 1986 as a single source of reports about professional competency in health care, including licensure actions taken against all health care practitioners and health care entities and adverse actions by peer organizations. Reports are accepted from qualified organizations and made available to those reviewing medical credentials.  API methods support submitting and retrieving competency reports on individual practitioners or facilities.  Related functions such as user account and password management are also supported.
ASP.NET FAQ service Answers answers,code,programming,reference, ASPFAQs is a publicly available reference service provided by 4GuysFromRolla.com to assist developers working with ASP.NET. The FAQ pages are available on the website, or they can be accessed programmatically using SOAP calls. Function exist for retrieving FAQs, retrieving FAQ categories, or retrieving FAQs by category.
University of Michigan people directory Education deadpool,directory,education,michigan,people,university, The University of Michigan, a state university in Ann Arbor, Michigan, offers a variety of APIs that allow developers to access and integrate various data from the University of Michigan with other applications and to create new applications.  The University of Michigan APIs include UM&#039;s people directories. The directory APIs include looking up people on campus, returning lists of instructors, and looking up university communities. Interested developers should sign up here for more information: http://developer.it.umich.edu/node/8.
Music database Music music, From their site: Discogs is a user-built database containing information on artists, labels, and their recordings. Discogs is constantly growing as users submit releases to the database. 
ATM information service Mapping mapping,places,shopping, The Locations API allows access, via REST services, to access MasterCard ATMs, merchants that accept PayPass, merchants that sell or top-up rePower cards, and merchants that sell Prepaid Travel cards. Make API requests that will return detailed ATM information based on the criteria you provide.  The information returned includes location and distance information as well as ATM features like shared deposit, surcharge free, hours of availability and several additional features.   By default the service provides ATM location data for United States ATMs, for up to twenty-five records per request. For additional countries or greater per-call volumes, customized service can be arranged.
Widget platform Widgets deadpool,gadgets,widgets, Widget platform from Fox Interactive Media (FIM). From their site: TheSpringBox is a widget engine that allows you to run Flash based widget on both the desktop AND the web. 
Research and Data Collection Service Enterprise advertising,aggregator,deadpool,enterprise,social, MarketScout is a corporate intelligence building platform that deals with complex data pulled from a variety of sources and aggregated as well as sorted with analytical tools. The service also utilizes a variety of interfaces for content delivery from RSS to mobile, tablet and web interfaces. Do research on an individual or company scale level.  The MarketScout API allows MarketScout users the ability to create analytic  applications which utilize the MarketScount Analytics Engine and additionally, allows for historical analysis. Developers can tap into facets such as: Indicators (time series), Entities (People, Companies, Facilities), Projects (Energy, Infrastructure, Resources, Technology), and Geospatial (Mines, Ports, Processing Plants, Vital Infrastructure)  The API is REST based with responses formatted in JSON.
Online Power Usage Tracking Reference environment,green,reference, WattzOn is a free online tool to quantify, track, compare and understand the total amount of energy needed to support all of the facets of user&#039;s lifestyles with the goal of helping users find ways to reduce your personal power consumption. The WattzOn API is a RESTful API that allows developers to integrate WattzOn with other tools and to design their own applications. WattzOn allows developers to access data as well as upload new power meter readings.
Search advertising platform Advertising advertising, From their site: The Yahoo! Search Marketing API provides programmatic access to the same functionality exposed visually in the web-based interface. You can create and manage campaigns, pull reports, set bids and more. All of these capabilities are exposed via a collection of SOAP-based Web Services that are easy to use and thoroughly documented.
Affiliate marketing network Advertising advertising,affiliate,marketing, Belboon is an Affiliate Marketing Network based in Europe. They offer solutions for multi-channel online and mobile performance advertising.  The belboon APIs allow user to automate their affiliate network via their own web sites or applications. The APIs offer a wide range of functionality including the ability to create price comparisons, product search tools, dynamic product advertising material, access all the information from their own Publisher Account, list affiliate programs, individual partnership programs with specific criteria or search specific advertising. The APIs use SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML and CSV.
Research bookmarking service Bookmarks bookmarks,social, Diigo provides a browser add-on that can improve your research productivity. As you read on the web, instead of just bookmarking, you can highlight portions of web pages that are of particular interest to you. You can also attach sticky notes to specific parts of web pages.  
Academic research repository Education education,reference, From their site: OpenDOAR is constructing a comprehensive and authoritative list of institutional and subject-based repositories. The API is a machine-to-machine interface that lets third party applications run a wide variety of queries against the OpenDOAR Database and get back XML data. You can choose to receive just repository titles & URLs (suitable for OAI-PMH harvesting), or all the available OpenDOAR data, or intermediate levels of detail. 
Online marketplace for event tickets Events events,listings,purchase,shopping,tickets, StubHub is an online platform for people to buy and sell tickets. Users can list and sell concert tickets, sporting event tickets, and other event tickets for others to purchase and use.  The StubHub API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of StubHub with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving events and listings, and searching ticket inventory.
Web content management service Internet cms,internet,website, Pagelime is a CMS (Content Management System) that allows users to manage their sites&#039; content using a web application or FTP API. This service was designed for use by web designers, web agencies, and web developers. Pagelime will function regardless of where a user&#039;s site is hosted or what scripting platform (if any) is employed. It requires no changes to be made to the site&#039;s underlying architecture.  Users can mark up their web pages using CSS classes to let Pagelime know which parts are meant to be editable. When users make edits from the Pagelime web application, these edits are published to the CSS-marked areas via FTP. Pagelime&#039;s FTP-XML API allows developers to separate a site&#039;s content from its HTML code by mirroring the HTML content in XML, rather than using CSS mark-up. The resulting XML files can then be accessed via FTP.
Online document collaboration, storage, and publishing Enterprise documents,enterprise,sbweb,social, edocr.com provides a highly interactivity environment for publishing and distributing an organisation???s public documents across the Internet. The API uses a RESTful protocol to interact with the edocr.com web site capabilities. Users can use the API to list documents, post comments, list comments and more. Responses are formatted in JSON.
Job recruiting and referral service Job Search deadpool,jobs,recruiting, The JobGenie social recruiting platform is a SaaS (Software-as-a- Service) application. The JobGenie API allows developers to integrate CRM systems with it or create other applications that interact with the Peerlo system. Full documentation is not available on the site however an API key is needed in addition to an account with the site. The API uses OAuth for authentication.
Suite of financial services Financial conversion,finance,payment,stocks, RestFul Web Services provides a suite of financial APIs for performing a variety of tasks. This includes retrieving information on stock quotes, currency conversion rates, or the London Gold Fix (the price of gold on the London market). The FedACH Service provides financial institutions with batched payment services that enable an electronic exchange of debit and credit through the Automated Clearing House (ACH) network.  These services are accessible using either SOAP or REST calls in XML format. All calls are directed toward WSDL endpoints, regardless of the protocol used.
Content sharing service Social contacts,internet,sharing,social, Google Plus is a service to share links, photos and other content. The Google Plus History API allows developers to write to a usera??s Google+ history, allowing the user to share their activities within your site or application, such as a listened song or a visited restaurant. Users can choose to share on their profile or directly to the stream.
Product sales order fulfillment service Shipping deadpool,ecommerce,shipping,shopping, The service provides inventory management and shipment/delivery services to fulfill orders placed with an e-commerce or other retailing application. The selling platform completes the purchase and sends shipping information to the service, which generates shipping documents, packs the products purchased, and sends them for delivery. Existing integrations with popular e-commerce platforms are available.   API methods support submission of product and customer information, including delivery address, for fulfillment of an order. Methods provide response messages indicating order status, which can be relayed to customers with order confirmation and in response to status checks. Methods also support retrieving and updating product inventory information.
Natural language personal assistant application Telephony language,semantic,telephony, Maluuba is a phone assistant app that uses natural voice recognition technology to turn users commands into actions. It can work with features such as calendar, reminders, weather, search, voice calls, email and more. The Maluuba API works across two main functionalities; interpreting the meaning of phrases and finding normalized values for dates and times. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Chatbot service Chat ai,bot,chat, The Program O Chatbot is a chat robot that gives natural language responses to user input. At its core, Program O is an open source AIML (Artificial Intelligence Markup Language) engine written with MySQL in PHP. Users can converse with the chatbot directly on the website or programmatically via REST calls.
Stock Data Service Financial deadpool,finance,forecast,social,stocks,trends, The TTAGG Stock API provides developers access to daily stock data for over 6000 companies. This free API is accessible through a simple URL call and returns JSON only, but will eventually support CSV, TEXT and XML. The API will return data based on the ticker provided, the start date, end date, and time format requested. 
Secure social platform Social cloud,encryption,identity,privacy,security,social, SecureSocial is a cloud based social and global identity platform that focuses on security and privacy for its users. Message and document content is secure, even from service operators. SecureSocial Identities are represented by a public key and an encrypted private key to securely identify users.  The SecureSocial API allows applications to manage identities, content, and messages. The API accepts HTTP calls and authenticates using an encryption process built around a SHA-256 hash and a usera??s SecureSocial private key. 
Text messaging service provider Telephony Global,mobile,sms,telephony, From their site: Upside Wireless Inc. is a leading North American company that specializes in providing global mobile messaging services and applications for consumer and enterprise markets. Upside&#039;s flexible two-way SMS platform enables enterprise customers to efficiently connect existing corporate applications to the global text messaging network. For your convenience, we offer three connectivity options: SOAP, HTTP and SMTP.
Weather forecasting service Weather forecast,weather, This API provides users with the forecast for next five days. It has only one method where users can get a forecast given their location. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Application development tools Backend application,backend,development,programming, Temboo helps developers by providing tools that simplify app development. These tools include code shortcuts that can be dragged and dropped into a developers own code via a visual interface. The code shortcuts, called Choreos allow for API integration by handling authentication, credential management, updates, and more. Currently Temboo has a library of Choreos for over 70 APIs.  The Temboo REST API lets users perform CRUD operations with methods that allow users to:  * Retrieve a list of Choreos that can be run * Retrieve detailed information, such as inputs, status, and description data for a specific Choreo * Run a Choreo, optionally providing input values to use in that execution * Retrieve the list of currently running Choreo executions * Retrieve the status of a Choreo that has been executed via the API * Terminate a currently running Choreo execution  The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
SMS messaging service Messaging Global,messaging,sms, ViaNett offers commercial services for sending and recieving SMS messages. The ViaNett API allows developers the ability to integrate the messaging gateway in their application, site or system. With the API users can send many types of messages including ordinary text, binary and MMS messages. Functionality includes bulk SMS delivery, two way SMS, SMS billing, status reports are more. API connectivity is provided for HTTP, YAP, SMPP, SMTP, SOAP, FTP and more. Responses are formatted in XML.
India/south Asia SMS messaging service Messaging asia,Global,india,messaging,sms, The service provides bulk SMS messaging with emphasis on personalized messaging and customized service management. Headquartered in India with subsidiaries in Dubai, Thailand, and Hong Kong, the company delivers messaging across over 500 networks in more than 200 countries.  API methods support single message send or automated bulk messaging based on inputs of message content and recipient phone numbers. Reporting methods return information for customer status, message delivery, and account management.
Bitcoin Payment Service Payment bitcoin,merchant,payment,shopping,transfer,wallet, BitcoinMonitor is a Bitcoin payment solution that doesn&#039;t require access to Bitcoin wallets but only facilitates transactions from payer to payee. The BitcoinMonitor API allows users to access several resources on the BitcoinMonitor site including agent resources, address resources, and notification resources. The API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and is free to use. 
URL shortening services with analytics Internet deadpool,internet, Use the Cligs API to talk directly to Cligs so that you can create either a public or user-account-specific clig, or you can expand a clig to get its long URL destination. Some ideas for using the API include integrating Cligs with Twitter clients or CMSs.
Search service for user generated content Search answers,forum,search, Omgili is a specialized search engine focused on &quot;many to many&quot; user generated content platforms including forums, discussion groups, mailing lists, answer boards, opinion sites and others. It provides a way to find subjective information. Most technical questions out there have been answered and this service is designed to find those answers. The Omegili API allows developers to build applications that can access the Omegili data collected from discussions across the web.
Video advertising service Advertising advertising,video, LiveRail is a company providing online video advertising services. LiveRail AdServer is a leading online video platform with 25% of online video ads delivered through the platform. It allows users to manage, target, display and track advertising in online video. Publishers and advertisers use LiveRail to manage the monetization of their online videos. The LiveRail API exposes the entire functionality of the platform to developers with accounts. It uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in XML. Full documentation is avaialable to registered users. 
Scientific and technical SaaS Science cloud,saas,science, CloudBroker offers scientific and technical applications in the cloud. The platform enables users to offer and use compute-intensive applications on different cloud computing infrastructures.   CloudBroker provides users with a REST-based web service API. API methods include Jobs, Accesses, Organizations, Users, Resources, and more. Responses are provided in XML.
Expenses records for UK members of parliament Government deadpool,finance,government,uk, The What They Claimed API allows access to the information database of expenses made by the UK members of parliament, published by Parliament in June 2009. The original data is being transcribed starting with high profile members of Parliament, but new members and expenses will continue to be added. Claims can be read by category of claim, person, date, and more.
Web development resource portal Security deadpool,education,programming,security, ACTPHP.COM LAMP is a web portal for web development centering on LAMP. The site offers a variety of learning resources categorized by Open source products, LAMP platform technologies, WEB front-end development and Website optimization SEO.The API allows users to create secure encrypted passwords and also check it against existing passwords. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Comparison shopping service Shopping shopping, DataFeedFile.com (DFF) gathers data feed files from thousands of Online Stores (merchants) to categorize and process data feed files to create a usable and searchable database. DFF&#039;s main focus is to help webmasters and affiliates create price comparison shopping functionality more easily without needing their own database.  
Online community news platform Wiki local,news,wiki, LocalWiki is an online platform that allows users and communities to create and share local knowledge, news, and content about their communities.   The LocalWiki API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of LocalWiki with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing users, adding, deleting, and editing wiki content, and retrieving files, maps, and images. 
2,000+ dataset reference library Reference reference, InfoChimps is a data platform and marketplace for sharing and selling data of all types. The InfoChimps Datasets API provides access to 2,000 &quot;tables&quot; of data across several categories, including science, government, sports and music.  The site allows for searching for datasets by keyword, cost and tags. Sample API calls are documented along with each dataset. Free datasets can be accessed up to 100,000 calls per month, then InfoChimps offers tiered pricing.
Personal information management service Utility pim,utility, Simplenote stores notes, lists, ideas and many other items. The Simplenote mobile app makes it easy to access and augment that personal data anywhere. The Simplenote API provides a way to build the functionality into additional applications.
Voice application platform Telephony call,phone,sbweb,telephony,Voice,VoIP, Standards-based phone API platform.  Control phone calls with existing Asterisk client libraries (Adhearsion/Ruby, Asterisk-Java, PHP AGI, StarPy/Python, etc), or HTTP and JSON, or SIP -- even SIP phones.  A bit like &quot;Asterisk in the cloud,&quot; fully documented, supported, and scaling way down and way up.
Criminal and Sex Offender Records Database crime,database,deadpool,sex, Pistevo provides information on Criminal and Sex Offender records Nationwide. Functionality allows developers to search two individual databases; Criminal and Sex Offender. Provided a First and Last name, the API will return an XML response of any criminal offenses. Optional information includes state, middle initial, and date of birth to narrow results. API users must be approved for use and provided an API key.   
Automated translation service Tools Human,language,tools,Translation, Translution specializes in machine and human translation services. Translution next generation translation is an automated service that is cheaper than human translation and more accurate than pure machine translation.  The Translution API gives developers direct access to Translution Central and lets automated translation be integrated into any web site or application. Clients can use their own dictionaries and translation memories to aid applications such as database translation, chat translation, translation of blogs, and email translation. The API supports at least 8 languages and supports the translation of plain text, HTML, XML, Word documents and PDF documents. It uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.  Specifications can be found at http://www.translution.com/TranslutionDownloads/Softwares/CaseStudies/Translution%20API%20Technical%20Specifications.pdf
Electronic signature contract execution services Enterprise contract,enterprise,esignature,execution,signature, DocuSign is a Cloud based legally compliant eSignature service.  DocuSign service provides an intuitive web, mobile and an API interfaces.  DocuSign API allows an application to connect DocuSign service or embed parts of DocuSign user experience.    By connecting to DocuSign web services applications can create electronic signature transactions, retrieve electronically signed documents, get up to date status on outstanding envelopes and do other Create/Read/Update/Delete operations.  By embedding DocuSign interface applications can provide single-sign-on capability and insert signing or sending user experience into their applications.
Integration as a Service platform Backend applications,business,cloud,CRM,integration, CloudWork is an integration as a service platform, iPaaS, that allows anyone to build connections between business and social media apps.   As a result businesses are able to automate repetitive tasks and receive important notifications in a single feed. CloudWork saves time and increases productivity with just a few clicks.  CloudWork takes a lightweight approach to integration. It pairs an affordable cloud-based integration tool with an exponentially growing library of SaaS APIs.  It instantly connects data from previously siloed cloud apps (Google Apps, Zoho, Highrise, Capsule CRM, Zendesk, Freshbooks, MailChimp, Salesforce, Desk.com, Campaign Monitor, Twitter etc.) to automate crucial business processes and deliver notifications where you need it.  CloudWork offers a large catalogue of pre-built tried and tested integrations. No technical skills, no big upfront investment or complicated setup are required.
Financial Exchange Service Financial exchange,financial,stocks,trading, Eurex is a derivatives exchange service that offers low-cost electronic access to fixed income markets and international benchmark products. The VALUES API is a connection and log-in function that allow the user to access the exchange service. The service supports asynchronous data transfers between user systems and the exchange central system.  An account is required with service. 
Artist information retrieval service Music music, ArtistData provides secure XML feeds to partners interested in getting information from the artists who use the ArtistData dashboard. The current information available through secure XML feeds is shows, news and blogs.   ArtistData is building solutions to automate the updating of artist websites, social network profiles, concert databases, Twitter, official news feeds, iCal, local press, fan newsletters, and even tour books. When an artist updates our site, we update all their sites.
Telephony service Telephony cloud,speech,telephony,TTS,Voice,webhooks, Twilio provides a simple hosted API and markup language for businesses to quickly build scalable, reliable and advanced voice and SMS communications applications. Twilio provides a telephony infrastructure web service &quot;in the cloud&quot;, enabling web programmers to integrate real-time phone calls into their applications. Twilio&#039;s simple Pay-As-You-Go pricing model means customers pay for capacity only when they need it, not before. Voice applications written on Twilio&#039;s cloud solution scale transparently, eliminating programming, operational and contractual headaches frequently associated with rapid growth or traffic spikes.   Twilio provides a cloud API for voice and SMS communications that leverages existing web development skills, resources and infrastructure. It minimizes the learning curve required to build advanced, reliable voice communications applications that solve critical business needs. The syntax and programming model are focused on making application development as close to the request/response model of web application development as possible. The API uses a RESTful interface and responses are formatted in XML or CSV. 
IT industry employable skills in demand database Job Search it-industry,jobs,languages,skills,technology,trends, Trendy Skills is a database of language and programming skills that employers seek in the technology industry.  The Trendy Skills API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Trendy Skills with other applications. Some example API methods include searching for keywords, searching by category, and retrieving results. 
Spelling and grammar check service Other blog,utility, With Wordy you can publish with confidence. Wordy provides you a standardized editing service including checking grammar, spelling, punctuation and structure. The Wordy API allows developers to interact in a programmatic way with Wordy???s website. It is built for seamless integration of professional copy-editing into any platform.
Bibliography citation service Bookmarks Bibliography,bookmarks,citations,research, EasyBib is an automatic bibliography composer. EasyBib helps format research sources and citations in a variety of formats.   The EasyBib API is a way for third parties to create fully-formatted bibliographical sources. To integrate EasyBib&#039;s citation capabilities on sites, developers can choose from simple source code, the EasyBib Cite Widget, or the EasyBib API documentation for more complex integrations. Options within the API include data form field population, bulk posting, and various style formats and data sources.
Social recognition and relationship building service Social contacts,deadpool,networking,social, The service provides visual and social matching services to connect event attendees, membership groups, and educational colleagues into communities. It highlights connections between individuals and encourages awareness and interaction among them, with communication tools. It promotes recognition and mutual involvement to develop shared interests and involvements into productive relationships.  API methods support creating new users in the system, either one at a time or in batches, based on information from other sources. Updates include full account access information, including security questions and answers. One method allows using data from a person&#039;s account with the provider&#039;s PiN service.
Mapping services Mapping deadpool,display,mapping,viewer, From their site: The brand new Map24 AJAX API empowers you to integrate Map24 maps into your website fairly simply. With the Map24 AJAX API you can easily implement features such as basic and advanced map controls, geocoding, location search, route calculation, tooltips, and many more.
Library Digital Collections Search books,collection,database,library,search, The New York Public Library offers a collection of articles, books, exhibits, and projects numbering in the tens of millions. The collections include, through public-private partnerships, scholarly research works, historical documents, and any range if information in between. The New York Public Library Digital Collections API allows users access to over 1 million objects and records for searching, computing, and research. The API is RESTful and returns data in both JSON and XML formats. 
Blog authoring extension services Blogging blog,recommendations,search,semantic,tagging, The Zemanta API brings contextually relevant content from around the web to you as you type. The web service API brings finds related Articles, Images, Hyperlinks and Tags right to your app. Use the API to get your custom preferences and to query Zemanta for contextual metadata on a given text. There are four main components of a response: articles, keywords, images, in-text links. 
Stock trading and data services Financial finance, The AmeriTrade API allows developers to enable their software to connect to TD AmeriTrade. Anyone with a TD Ameritrade account has access to the API, and you can use API features such as submitting a trade, canceling a trade, modifying a trade, viewing historical stock data, streaming news and actives, obtaining your account information, and getting mutual fund or EFT data. You can become a partner, too, to expand your application&#039;s reach. Contact to obtain more information and documentation.
Demographic and Commercial Contextualization Service Mapping advertising,business,demographic,geography,location,region, Factual provides a platform for developers to share, mash, and build applications on open data. Geopulse provides point-based access to geographic area attributes. The user provides a long/lat coordinate pair, or selects a point on a map, and factual provides business/demographic, and commercial information about the immediate geographic area. The search can return commercial density, commercial business profile, commercial/residential ratios, and population demographics like age, gender, race, education, median income, and other info. The services accepts REST calls and will return JSON. An API Key is required for service and the first 10,000 API calls each day are free. 
Online billing service Financial billing,enterprise,germany,invoicing, Billomat is a web based billing service. It allows users to create offers and invoices and manage customers. The billomat API uses a RESTful interface that allows access to the data in a user&#039;s Billomat account. Developers can integrate online orders and desktop applications with their Billomat account. Responses are in XML or JSON format. The site and documentation is in German.
Address-based district matching and elected official lookup service Government address,advocacy,districting,geocoding,government,legislative, Cicero is a web service API that easily integrates into an organization&#039;s existing web application or data management software to match any address to its correct legislative districts. Available legislative districts include local council districts in more than 100 cities and state and national districts in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, New Zealand, and Australia.  In addition to geocoding addresses and matching them to the correct legislative districts, Cicero also returns maps of each district and information about each elected official. Cicero also provides non-legislative district matching for census data, counties, school districts, watersheds and police districts.    The Cicero team just released a new dataset - match addresses to the district id&#039;s of newly approved, redistricted legislative districts that have not yet taken effect.  On March 19, 2012 they also released a Cicero REST API that supports both XML and JSON data formats. 
Geocaching Data Set and Feed Service Games feeds,games,geo,gps,mobile, Geocaching is a real-world outdoor treasure hunting game. The Geocaching API enables users to access the data sets and feeds from Geocaching.com. The API operates using the REST protocol and OAuth. In order to use the API, the terms of service must be accepted and a formal request must be submitted to gain access. Advanced developer support is available in the API forum. 
Affiliate marketing software platform Advertising affiliate,marketing, DirectTrack is an affiliate marketing and affiliate software tracking platform - powering the largest and most reputable affiliate networks and in-house affiliate programs. The API gives developers an interface to the platform. Functionality includes lookup and retrieval of creative types, campaign info, leads, statistics and more. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Customer Messaging Service Messaging advertising,CRM,messaging,sharing,sms,social, CRM Text is an SMS platform company that connects developers to the world of short code SMS and 2 way text messaging.  CRM Text Solution&#039; API allows users to establish real-time, two-way text messaging using reliable short codes.  CRM Text&#039;s short codes are hosted by Twilio and allows developers who are sending more volumes of messages than long codes may allow a secondary option of using our stack of short codes.  Our Rest API allows for simple opt-in, opt-out management and complies with all Mobile Marketing Association and Federal guidelines to keep you compliant. 
Oil and gas production facility reference data Reference business,enterprise,norway,reference, Det Norske Veritas (DNV) is a Norway-based risk management company for high-risk global industries. They provides all kinds of services, including advising, assessment, certification, materials testing, training, software development, and more.  The DNV Reference Data Services allow users to retrieve ISO 15926 Reference Data. This includes relationships, classifications, and metadata on different kinds of equipment, objects, and events relating to oil and gas production facilities. This data can be accessed through the RD4 browser, or it can be retrieved programmatically via SOAP API.
API for APIs Internet Apis,internet, An API for APIs. Use it to find web services and mashups. The ProgrammableWeb API gives you a simple way to access the powerful registry and repository capabilities of PW. Programmatically search and retrieve APIs, mashups, and other data from our catalog.   The PW API is based on open standards including XML, RSS, OpenSearch and the Atom Publishing Protocol. This lets you get up to speed quickly and we work well with the existing tools and technologies you already know. If you&#039;re familiar with Google&#039;s GData APIs you&#039;ve got an even better head start.
Cloud email delivery service Email cloud,email, Elastic Email provides direct email sending through a REST API. Elastic Email is a simple email delivery service for cloud applications. The API allows users to send an email to a single recipient or group of recipients, get the status of a single send transaction including delivery statistics for recipients and determine how much credit you have left in your Elastic Email account. Responses are formatted in XML. Code samples are provided for PHP, C# and Java.
Contextual keyword extraction service Tools context,keyword,semantic,SEO,southkorea,tools, Daum is a web portal in South Korea that offers many Internet services to web users, including a popular free web-based e-mail, messaging service, forums, shopping and news.   The Daum Context Keyword API finds important keywords within text  and extracts them for users. The keywords can be used for applications such as contextual search, advertising via auto-tags and finding related documents.  The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML, JSON and RSS. The site and documentation are in Korean.
Mobile Data Collection Service Tools analytics,collection,Data,forms,mobile,tools, DoForms is a mobile web form building platform that allows users to quickly make forms for use in sites and web services. These forms contain any number of features including tables, music, pictures, and videos. The DoForms API uses SOAP calls and can return XML, JSON, or CSV.  An account is required with service. The DoForms API allows users to collect and store a variety of data from a mobile forms built in DoForms. 
Online payment service for accounting applications Payment accounting,financial,payment, Fidesic is an online payment service built to work with Microsoft Dynamics GP and other accounting applications. It automates the delivery of invoices or statements as well as customer payments via email, fax, or US Mail. Fidesic also automates the receipt of Automated Clearing House (ACH) and credit card payments online using a customized internet payment gateway. Fidesic&#039;s services can be integrated with other software and services using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Saas / Cloud-based learning management system Education affordable,cloud-based,learning,management,saas,system, LearnUpon is a cloud-based learning management system (LMS) that allows users to create and manage their own courses. It includes functions that let users import course content, create exams, award certificates, and get reports on how lesson-takers are doing. LearnUpon also provides an e-commerce platform that lets users sell the courses they&#039;ve made. LearnUpon comes in multiple languages, including English, Spanish, French, and German.  The LearnUpon platform&#039;s functions and contents are programmatically accessible through a RESTful API.
Partner with Playphone to offer Mobile content in over 20 countries  Music games,mobile,music,ringtones,WAP, PlayPhone provides personalization and entertainment content to mobile consumers in the form of ringtones, and mobile games. The PlayPhone API, updated weekly, gives you access to mobile download databases. Using the API, you can display mobile content from PlayPhone&#039;s content catalog on your website with dynamic search and RSS feed capabilities.  PlayPhone is a leading global media company present in over 20 countries throughout North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America that provides cutting edge personalization and entertainment content to mobile consumers in the form of ringtones, mobile games and much more. Headquartered in San Jose, Calif., PlayPhone founded the direct-to-consumer mobile media distribution standard in 2003 and continues to innovate new means for interacting with mobile users and delivering wireless entertainment.  PlayPhone gives consumers access to a unique and often exclusive media catalog spanning audio, video and gaming content from leading music labels and artists, game publishers and media companies the likes of Sony BMG, EMI, Disney, SEGA, Konami and many others. The company currently operates its own leading mobile entertainment destination at PlayPhone.com in both English and Spanish as well as powers subscription-based mobile destinations for the world&#039;s top entertainment and retail brands including Wal-Mart, ABC Television, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Real Networks, iPlay and many more.
Profanity filtering service Utility censorship,Filter,language,Profanity,security,swear, WebPurifya? is an accurate and efficient profanity filter web service that can be easily integrated into any internet enabled platform. With WebPurify, the profanity list updates automatically to maximize accuracy. In addition to scanning for profanity, WebPurify allows the user to add their personal list of words to filter. Currently WebPurify supports English, Spanish, Arabic, Italian and French, with Chinese, Portuguese, Korean, Turkish and Thai in beta.  We have API Endpoints in the US and Europe, with plans to launch a Asia-Pacific Endpoint by May 2012.
Music fan art repository Music art,fan,image,music, fanart.tv Music is an online repository for art and images created about musicians and music by fans. Users can upload images and search the repository for images by musician name.  The fanart.tv Music API allows developers to access the images in the fanart.tv Music repository for integration with other applications. API methods available are searching for images and retrieving images and the information associated with them.
Music performance event information platform Events events,music, GigaTools allows artists, bands, labels, and agents to manage and promote future gigs online. Musicians can integrate their performance schedules with sites like Facebook, Twitter, Soundcloud, and Mixcloud as well as their own blogs or websites. Labels and agents can use GigaTools to manage all of their artists&#039; schedules from one place, keeping information up-to-date across all personal sites and social networks.  The GigaTools API allows users to retrieve data on upcoming gigs from the GigaTools website. Users can search for gigs by location, venue, date range, or the artist&#039;s Soundcloud or Twitter ID.
Washington State traffic information Transportation government,traffic,transportation,travel, The Washington State Department of Transportation uses an API to provide developer access to their traveler information data. The API, accessible through RESTfull HTTP calls or through a SOAP service, is capable of delivering information on border crossings, highway alerts, mountain pass conditions, traffic flow, travel times, ferry information, and much more. 
Social music data sharing Music deadpool,music,social, We Are Hunted listens to what people are saying about artists and their music on social networks like Facebook and MySpace, music blogs, message boards and forums, Twitter and P2P networks to chart the top songs online everyday. The We Are Hunted API provides three core functions for developers: 1. Suggest Songs 2. Download Charts 3. Cache Artists. People listen to music and talk about artists on social networks like Facebook and MySpace, music blogs, message boards and forums, Twitter and P2P networks to chart the top songs online everyday. With Hunted API, you can play with all this data.  
Dictionary and reference service Dictionary Dictionary,reference, The new Dictionaries API has been introduced to provide a simplified and consistent API to access content from multiple different dictionaries, while enhancing the ability to find and use data from within the dictionaries.   Along with new features the Dictionaries API includes best-selling titles aimed at non-native speakers of the English Language, such as the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English, Longman Active Study Dictionary and the Longman English-Chinese Dictionary of 100,000 Words (New 2nd Edition).
Online and mobile photo editing service Photos editing,photo, Photocat is an online and mobile application for photo and image editing and retouching. Users can edit photos, resize photos, add photo enhancements, and retouch photos.   The Photocat API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Photocat with other applications and websites.  The main API method is retrieving photo information and loading photos to edit.  
Face detection and recognition service  Photos face,photo,recognition, From the developer Betaface offers facial recognition-based media indexing platform for navigating, searching and monetizing multimedia content. Our solution is designed for news and entertainment media projects, advertisers, media content producers, TV and broadcasting industry, video and image archives, digital services providers and others. Our goal is to open up new navigation, categorization and search possibilities of rich media assets.   The Open Web API gives users the ability to build Betaface powered applications. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in either XML or JSON.  Metadata currently generated by webservice:  - faces detection (position, size, angle)  - face points detection (8 standard, 86 pro)  - cropped face images  - face recognition keys generation, comparison functions (recognition, identification, similarity)  - gender, age, ethnicity, smile, glasses, mustache and beard detection (beta version)   Webservice is Beta, please contact us if you notice issues. More recognition and face measurements functions will be added soon.  Shared demo  api_key: d45fd466-51e2-4701-8da8-04351c872236 api_secret: 171e8465-f548-401d-b63b-caf0dc28df5f  Sample webservice client (C#.Net): http://www.betafaceapi.com/webservice_test.zip
Multilingual Semantic Service Utility languagel,messaging,semantic,text,utility, Bitext develops software that makes it possible for machines to understand natural language. The Bitext API is a suite of multilingual semantic services. Currently four semantic service are available: entity and concept extraction, sentiment analysis and text categorization.   Utilizing NaturalExtractor technology, entity extraction finds names and other meaningful entities in the text and classifies them according to type. Concepts are meaningful text extracts such as ideas, objects and abstractions.   Sentiment analysis classifies how the author of the text is feeling towards the subject they are writing about.   Categorization simply classifies text into different categories according to a predefined dictionary.  The API functionality is aimed towards developers who process user generated content like customer experience management tools or customer voice analytics. The API works in standard HTTP Post requests and output formats are represented as JSON, XML or CSV.
Islamic prayer time calculating service Reference islam,prayer,reference,religion,tools, Xhaunch&#039;s Islamic Get Prayer Time API is a public service that allows users to retrieve a month&#039;s worth of the daily times for Islamic prayer, based on the given latitude, longitude, year, month, and timezone. Times are calculated using the a??Muslim World League&quot; method.  The API is used by calling the service endpoint via a URI formatted with the above mentioned parameters, as well as an optional data format parameter. Information can be returned as XML (default) or JSON.
Calendar service Calendar calendar,deadool,events,telephony, From their site: The Personal Calendar API is part of the Personal APIs suite from Orange. It allows you, through your website, to access and update the Orange calendar of an Orange France customer. The information can be retrieved once the user has been authenticated by Orange through the Authentication API. You can add an event to the user&#039;s calendar, get the list of your service&#039;s events in the user&#039;s calendar, or check the availability of the user for a period of time.
Online payment processing service Payment finance,mobile,payment, The Dwolla API provides and interface to integrate the Dwolla payments platform into a software application. Dwolla is a payments processor that provides a web based platform which allows users to send, receive, and request funds from any other. Dwolla can be used to share money with friends through Facebook and Twitter. Users can also purchase goods and services through the web and mobile devices.  The API provides developers with the functionality to send, request, and retrieve account history and send money between Dwolla accounts. The API uses both REST and SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML or JSON.
Event calendar service Calendar calendar,events,germany, The service from German web hosting provider InfoPark provides ability to update the hosted event calendar listings it offers with its service package. Site owners using the platform can maintain calendars of events, appointments, and other time-sensitive listings as separate elements or embedded within other parts of their online environments.  API methods support creating and updating event calendar listings and retrieval of listing data for display or other processing.  Methods allow synchronization of listings with other systems so events configured there create listings within the online event calendar.
Sentiment analysis for Twitter service Tools semantic,tools,Twitter, TweetSentiments performs semantic analysis of tweets using a Support Vector Machines algorithm. Doing so, it is able to determine whether tweets are positive, negative or neutral in sentiment. This data is provided on-demand by the TweetSentiments API.
SMS messaging service Messaging Global,messaging,sms,telephony,usa, Twilio provides a simple hosted API and markup language for businesses to quickly build scalable, reliable and advanced voice and SMS communications applications. Twilio provides a telephony infrastructure web service &quot;in the cloud&quot;, enabling web programmers to integrate real-time phone calls into their applications. Twilio&#039;s simple Pay-As-You-Go pricing model means customers pay for capacity only when they need it, not before. Voice applications written on Twilio&#039;s cloud solution scale transparently, eliminating programming, operational and contractual headaches frequently associated with rapid growth or traffic spikes.   The SMS API allows users to send and receive SMS messages from their applications. The API can implement short code technology to allow both faster and higher volume sms messaging. Example uses of the API include sending customers automatic SMS messages, multi-factor authentication and interactive polling. The API uses a RESTful interface and responses are formatted in XML. 
Photo sharing service Photos photo,video, The Flickr API can be used to retrieve photos from the Flickr photo sharing service using a variety of feeds - public photos and videos, favorites, friends, group pools, discussions, and more. The API can also be used to upload photos and video.The Flickr API supports many protocols including REST, SOAP, XML-RPC. Responses can be formatted in XML, XML-RPC, JSON and PHP. Documentation is included for 14 API Kit libraries.
VoIP services provider Telephony telephony,Voice,VoIP, The 3NGNetworks API allows developers to intergate their existng applications with the 3NG VoIP Platform. 3NG is a provider of private label VoIP solutions. The API exposes the entire VoIP platform functionality. It uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML. Full API documentation is not publicly available.
U.S. change-of-address (COA) update service Reference adddress,database,deadpool,mail,reference, The service provides access to a database of over 50 million permanent change-of-address (COA) requests registered with the U.S. Postal Service. It processes raw output from the USPS NCOALink service, updated weekly, and makes it available for comparison with current address records. Where a mailing list contains an old address, the service can provide updated mailing information allowing direct mail and other communications to follow past contacts to their new locations.  API methods support submission of at least 100 address records for comparison against old addresses listed in USPS COA requests. Where a match is found, the API returns a validated new address for the recipient to be updated in the calling application&#039;s records. Methods also allow reporting on the number of addresses updated and their validation status. 
Travel review and recommendation service Travel recommendations,reviews,social,travel,vacation, TripAdvisor is one of the world&#039;s largest travel sites featuring reviews and advice on hotels, resorts, flights, vacation rentals, vacation packages, travel guides, and more. The sites operate in 30 countries worldwide and TripAdvisor-branded sites have more than 50 million monthly visitors, and over 60 million reviews and opinions.  TripAdvisor makes the following information available through its API: traveler photos, detailed reviews and rating data for accommodations, attractions, and restaurants and destination content. The TripAdvisor API content is not publicly available and is only for licensed partners. A partner key is required to access content from the API.
Twitter data analysis service Social deadpool,metadata,Twitter, Twitlbl is an experimental service to provide contextual information about a tweet. This contextual information comes from both automated sources, mashups with external APIs, and from users. 
Customizable search service Search search, BOSS (Build your Own Search Service) is Yahoo!&#039;s open search web services platform. The goal of BOSS is simple: open up Yahoo!&#039;s search infrastructure and enable third parties to build revolutionary search products leveraging their own data, content, technology, social graph, or other assets. Developers, start-ups, and large Internet companies can use BOSS to build and launch web-scale search products that utilize the entire Yahoo! Search index. BOSS gives you access to Yahoo!&#039;s investments in crawling and indexing, ranking and relevancy algorithms, and powerful infrastructure. By combining your assets and ideas with our search technology assets, BOSS is a platform for the next generation of search innovation. The API uses a RESTful interface and responses are formatted in XML and JSON. 
Chinese mapping, location, and route-finding services Mapping address,china,location,mapping,route, SircWeb is a Chinese GIS software platform that also provides GIS-related web services. The SircWeb for Logistics APIs deal primarily with mapping, locations, and route-finding. Some of their specific functions include retrieving information on a specified location, finding all points of interest (POIs) within a defined area, generating directions for a driving route, and finding address locations.  These APIs all use SOAP calls issued in XML format. Although the API documentation is available in English, the SircWeb website is provided solely in Chinese.
Visual search service Search image,photo,search,visual, Superfish is a visual search technology that lets users use images instead of keywords as search queries for products. When a user inputs an image query, the visual search software extracts visual features and searches through an index of images to find those that are most similar to the query. Superfish offers developers the chance to integrate visual search functionality on their applications or web sites through the Superfish API. The API lets developers create a customized visual search experience for their users. Clients can send an image URL or the image itself and Superfish will return a set of visually similar product offers in JSON format. Developers should contact Superfish for more details and technical documentation.
Carbon and energy calculation service Science carbon,cleantech,cleanweb,climate,environment,green, AMEE is a platform for greenhouse gas calculation, with access to emissions factors, calculation algorithms, and storage for data history. Our science team take the published methodologies from the science community and put them into a simple unified API, so you don&#039;t have to trawl through PDFs and spreadsheets to work it all our yourself. With over 8 million possible calculations, the platform covers everything from simple electricity calculations through to insanely complex industrial processes. If you need to work out the environmental impact of an activity, AMEE has the environmental intelligence you need.
listings for social services in Alameda County (Oakland), CA Government california,government,oakland,Service, Listings for over 400 social service providers in Alameda County (Oakland), California. This dataset was collated and quality checked over several months in 2010 and is a very comprehensive listing of social service providers in our county with rich details including service eligibility, opening hours, accessibility and more. API returns service organizations in specified categories. Service provider locations may contain duplicates since most locations provide multiple services across several categories.
Restaurant reservation service Recommendations recommendations,reservations,restaurant, Open table is an online restaurant reservation service. With the service users can make online reservations, read restaurant reviews from other diners, and earn points towards free meals. This API allows developers to access the data from OpenTable. Data includes finding single or multiple restaurants, along with information about that restaurant and URLs where reservations can be made. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Shopping comparison service Shopping comparison,india,shopping, PriceCheckIndia is a comparison shopping site. Users can compare prices of phones, cameras, TVs, and appliances across all stores in India to find the best deal online. Users can also read reviews of the products and dicuss them with others.  The API lets developers integrate the site&#039;s functionality into third party applications and web sites. The API supports price comparison across major e-commerce stores in India. Users can also request the addition of any store for comparison on request. Additional functionality includes comparing prices by specification and searching products by keyword, category and features. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML, JSON and YAML.
Time-series data database and analytics platform Database analytics,Data,database,visualization, TempoDB is a database and platform for time-series data storage, reporting, and analytics. TempoDB offers data visualization and analysis tools, storage and hosting options, and reporting features.  The TempoDB API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of TempoDB with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving data by time period, adding data, and managing data series.
Currency rates for 115 countries Financial finance, From their site: Currency Rates for 115 major currencies. You can perform interactive foreign exchange rate calculations, using current currency rates updated every 10 minutes (20 minute delay). Simply enter the currency you wish to convert and invoke the Web service. The rate returned will be based on a fraction of the US dollar (USD).
Global SMS API Messaging Global,messaging,sms,telephony,texting, Hoiio is a global communication service seeking to allow people around the world to communicate via telephone or SMS by routing through Hoiio service.   The Hoiio SMS API allows developers to easily integrate SMS into their applications.   Through various partnerships, Hoiio is able to offer a flat price to send SMS globally, and at a low cost to developers.
eCommerce service Enterprise enterprise,shipping, Doba Enterprise is a platform geared for medium to large internet retailers. It is designed to help streamline tasks related to loading products into online stores, managing inventory in stores and processing customer orders.   The Doba API allows developers to utilize the Doba supply chain platform programmatically within their applications. The API includes functions to create users, search or browse the Doba product catalog, obtain detailed product information, lookup shipping and handling charges, submit orders, fund orders, and obtain shipment information for orders when they ship. Certified Integrated Partners can create new product offerings and services as well as get special buy rates if Doba is bundled into an integrated product solution. Documentation is not publicly available.
Customer service chat platform Chat api,chat,javascript,liveperson,rest, The LivePerson platform enables businesses to identify and engage customers using the right communication channel, at the right time. This hosted solution delivers tools that support and manage online customer interactions chat, email, voice, and knowledgebase from a single agent application.  The service provides users an opportunity to immediately chat with a representative via an instant messaging system embedded in their site. With the API, users can create, update and retrieve resources. Responses are formatted in XML.  By using the LivePerson Platform APIs, users can customize their applications to add features that extend the reach of their LivePerson solution.   The RESTful Chat API lets developers offer live chat from any software connected to the Internet. The JavaScript Chat API offers interfaces to enable customized chat window designs and access to LivePerson chat from a web browser. Responses are formatted in JSON.  Use the Chat API (JavaScript) to create innovative chat window designs for any browser-based environment.
Geocoding services Mapping address,deadpool,geocoding,location,mapping, The Geocoding Web Service allows you to find the specific latitude and longitude for an address.
Task list application  Project Management checklist,planning,project-management,scheduling,tasks,todo, Cloud Checklist by Skybuffer is a web application that allows users to manage lists of tasks synchronously via standard browser-based web client or by using application programming interfaces (APIs) provided for development.  The Cloud Checklist API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Cloud Checklist with other applications. Some example API methods include managing users, managing viewers, and listing information and messages. 
Internet radio player Music music,radio,streaming, inLight Radio is a free online radio player that streams music from over 22,000 internet radio stations with more being added continuously by users. When available, the inLight Radio player displays the current song&#039;s lyrics and album art. Users can right-click on the album art to purchase the track or album from Amazon, or they can record one or more tracks while they listen.  Developers can access inLight Radio&#039;s stations for use in their own internet radio apps by contacting inLight Radio for API details.
Custom interactive map service Mapping 3d,display,mapping,viewer, WebGL Earth provides a mechanism for inserting interactive maps into webpages without the use of additional plugins. These maps are viewable from any platform, including mobile devices. Webpage visitors can rotate and zoom in or out on the globe, or even tilt the viewing angle. WebGL Earth can display existing maps from other mapping services as well as custom map tiles for Earth or other planets.
A one-stop marketplace for mapping. It supplies geospatial professionals with the ability to store, search, and exchange high-resolution mapping products. null cad,Data,gis,mapping,spatial, A one-stop marketplace for mapping. It supplies geospatial professionals with the ability to store, search, and exchange high-resolution mapping products.
Geocoding of named places Mapping geocoding,mapping,places, The Yahoo PlaceFinder API gives developers multi-language global geocoding of named places.  PlaceFinder supports building-level address recognition in over 75 countries, and points of interest, airports, cities, and other place names (including administrative areas) for these countries and the rest of the world.  In addition to supporting free-form, single-line, and multi-line address inputs, PlaceFinder also supports queries that include cross streets, WOEID, and IATA airport codes. It also supports reverse geocoding: you can give it a longitude/latitude coordinate and get back the nearest address.
Bookmark and reference sharing for researchers Bookmarks bookmarks,deadpool, From their site: Free online reference management for all researchers, clinicians and scientists. 
Affiliate marketing ad platform Advertising advertising,affiliate, Prosperent provides a platform for affiliate marketers to place dynamic, targeted ads on their websites. The API provides access to the functionality of the platform. Developers can build apps with the API and earn commission on every sale driven through the system, or simply use the API to augment their web site to help monetize their traffic. The documentation includes complete details about all parameters that should be set and describes in detail the extended query syntax and extra functionality of the search endpoint. Documentation is available upon registration.
Web automation service Internet Automation,BROWSER,internet, Systemizer is a total web automation platform that allows you to automate online workflow by chaining web-based events, actions and user interactions together.  Systemizer functionality is available via a REST API. Example API methods include: Account, for access to all aspects of account management; Sessions, for creating work sessions in order to issue commands for browser automation; and Browser,  for control over a hosted Chrome-based browser, with the ability to click elements, set field values, extract content and more. An API key is required.
Text processing and translation service Tools language,semantic,text,tools,Translation, The Fasilkom Text Processing APIs provide a variety of functions for text processing and translation. These functions include summarizing documents, tagging documents, stemming words to their base forms, removing stopwords, tagging parts of speech (POS), translating from Bahasa Indonesia to English, and retrieving word definitions.  This category of APIs also includes the Langrid Services, which provide a Bilingual dictionary for translating between English and Indonesian words, a conceptual dictionary for Indonesian words, and a morpheme analyzer.
U.S. drone strike data Tools military,realtime,tools, DroneStream provides real-time and historical data from the Bureau of Investigative Journalism describing every reported United States drone strike. DroneStream supports a simple API allowing applications and websites to access drone strike data. The structured data is delivered in a JSON feed.
Web based chat service Chat chat, From their site: The Windows Live Messenger IM Control enables web sites to show the presence of Windows Live Messenger users, and let site visitors engage in instant messaging conversations with the Messenger users. A Web site can invite its users to share their Messenger presence and exchange messages with visitors to the site.
Chat application Chat chat, From the site: As long as you adhere to the requirements of the XMPP specs, you should be able to connect to the Google Talk service. Other clients that can connect include [[http://gaim.sourceforge.net/ GAIM]] and [[http://www.ceruleanstudios.com/learn/ Trillian Pro]].
Litecoin Information Service Financial deadpool,financial,Investing,trading, LTC-Data provides basic litecoin mining data to developers. The LTC API allows users to incorporate the litecoin information into applications using REST calls and returning JSON. The API can make calls to get the current network hashrate, seconds-per-block, current block, block difficulty, next block difficulty, and addresses to hash at.  No account is required for use, and use is free. 
Yacht club photo album service Photos photo, The Lake Sunapee Yacht Club is a summer-only club located in Sunapee, New Hampshire. It offers activities such as sailing, tennis, and swimming to members of all ages. Throughout the summer, the club hosts several regattas, which are events consisting of a series of boat races. The Lake Sunapee Yacht Club has a photo album which can be accessed programmatically via SOAP calls.
Media program information service Media Management media,radio,television,uk, The updated service is intended to provide a persistent web presence for all BBC programs, both radio and television, in compliance with principles of linked data. A complete ontology defines relationships among programs and their web properties. Also available is a comprehensive schedule, program listings by genre, and program details, including episode breakdowns.  API methods support retrieval of schedule information for specific dates or as an offset from the current date. Methods also provide program lists grouped by genre and program details, including cast, episode lists, and more.  The former version of the service at http://www0.rdthdo.bbc.co.uk/services/api is being deprecated.
International exchange holidays and hours reference service Financial deadpool,finance,holidays,reference, Per provider, this API is no longer valid or available. 10/28/13  Good Business Day Exchanges is a service that is designed to provide users with exchange operating information. This includes holidays, trading days and hours, and settlement rules for major stock and bond exchanges in the global financial markets. This information can be integrated with other applications and services using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Earning calendar information service Financial financial,stocks, The Earnings Calendar web service provides corporate events and earnings calendar information for 5,000 publicly listed U.S. and Canadian companies and ADRs. XigniteEarningsCalendar provides visibility into scheduled corporate events that represent opportunities to manage risk and profit from volatility. Earnings Calendar data includes: Timing of earnings announcements, Conference call dates, times, and links, Earnings calendar with 89-day forward looking window and more. The API uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Google Maps plus MySpace gives you band tour maps with this handy mashup. null mapping,music, Google Maps plus MySpace gives you band tour maps with this handy mashup.
Contacts control PIM contacts, From their site: The Windows Live Contacts control is a client-side browser JavaScript object that enables visitors to use their Windows Live Contacts with your Web site.  Instead of typing a shipping address into a shopping cart form, for example, the user could simply select one of their Windows Live Contacts from the Contact control.  The user saves time and effort in completing the order, and you gain the benefits of an address book for your Web site without having to implement, maintain, and provision data storage and management UI on your servers.  The user maintains control of their personal contact data, while you focus on providing services with data the user gives you. 
Denmark address and municipality services Mapping denmark,mapping,places, From their site: Denmark web service is a REST based web service, which displays information on different parts of Denmark, regions, municipalities, parishes, postdistrikter, valgdistrikter, skoledistrikter, primary schools, roads and addresses (over 2.2 million).
Flash game hosting and management services Games flash,games, Miniplay (AKA Minijuegos) is a website that hosts a variety of free, Flash-based games. It offers both solo and multiplayer games from a variety of genres, including action, adventure, racing, classics, sports, strategy, and board games. While the API documentation and developer information are given in English, the rest of the Miniplay website is in Spanish.  The Miniplay REST API allows developers to retrieve user information and high scores as well as send, retrieve, and reset users&#039; game stats. It also provides functions for storing and retrieving up to three saved games and an unlimited amount of user-created content. Developers using the REST API can also manage game items purchased using Minicoins. The JavaScript and ActionScript 3 APIs give internal games interoperability with the site and allow users of external games to authenticate through their Miniplay accounts.
Mobile mapping service Mapping android,javame,mapping,mobile,OSM,viewer, Mobile maps API provides a simple way of adding map functionality to mobile phone applications. Avaiable for JavaME and Android. OpenStreetMap and TeleAtlas map data. Very low bandwidth usage since maps are rendered in the phone app. Ericsson Labs holds APIs, resources, offerings, and various expert commentaries.
Real-time gym traffic information service Sports fitness,health,realtime,sports, GymFlow is an application that lets users know how busy the gym is before they go. Gym traffic varies significantly from day to day and even over the course of an hour. GymFlow partners with local gyms to access card swipe information in order to get real-time data on how many people are in the gym at any given moment. The GymFlow application also uses historical data to predict how crowded the gym will be in the near future, allowing users to plan their schedules accordingly.
Web publishing system Internet cms,internet, Osmek is a web publishing system hosted in the cloud. It separates the content from everything else, so that your site can be used in a number of ways. Its API lets you retrieve your content where and how you need it and features a RESTful interface and returns data in the JSON, PHP, HTML, and XML formats.
Cheap flight and hotel search service Travel flight,hotel,travel, **Please note this API is not for public use. This profile is intended for informational purposes only**  Momondo.com is a travel site that helps users find cheap flights, hotels, and car rentals. Visitors input their desired destinations, and Momondo then searches hundreds of sites for the best prices, returning results within seconds. Momondo is not a travel agency, so they dona??t charge any booking fees. Developers can access the site&#039;s services programmatically by using Momondo&#039;s SOAP-based API.
Business intelligence and loyalty service Tools business,loyalty,marketing,tools, RewardMe is a customer loyalty solutions provider. Their services begin with point-of-sale customer data capturing software on a simple dashboard. Businesses can use this same data and dashboard to produce detailed customer profile reports. RewardMea??s additional services allow businesses to create customized loyalty and mobile marketing programs using the customer analysis reports. RewardMea??s API exposes information updating and accession functionality. It is intended for integration with backend programs. The API is RESTful and can return JSON and XML-formattted data.
Keyword search marketing platform Advertising marketing,search,SEO, The AdGooroo API lets developers access competitive intelligence data to build virtually any application that meets their needs. The API is based on the popular REST architecture and supports data transfer formats such as JSON, XML, and CSV. You are free to develop in the language of your choice, including .NET, Perl, PHP, or virtually any other common language.  AdGooroo is a provider of advertising intelligence to search engine marketers. Its proprietary technology tracks all search advertising activity in any given industry, empowering sophisticated agencies and advertisers with competitors&#039; keywords, ad copy, campaign statistics, daily alerts, and other information needed to generate the highest possible return on advertising investment.
Craigslist posting interface Advertising advertising,classifieds,Posting, Craigslist is a website that lists classified ads divided by sections including jobs, housing, personals and more. The Bulk Posting API provides users with an interface that allows for the submission of multiple posts in a single request. Requests must include a description, a post category, the city the post will be submitted for and a reply email. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Web Data Query Service Tools deadpool,semantic,tools, The Knowledge Graph API is a RESTful API that lets developers build complex queries that can draw data from many different web resources. Data is returned in a JSON format. Currently, users do not need an API Key to make requests to the API.
SMS Text Messaging Services Messaging enterprise,messaging,mobile,sms,usa, Ez Texting&#039;s flexible APIs allow you to rapidly integrate text messaging into your own web, desktop or mobile app. We offer a REST API as well as a legacy HTTP API. The REST API can return results in XML or JSON.  We provide the most competitively priced messaging in the industry through our short codes in the United States and Canada (313131 in the US and 393939 in Canada). Our APIs are designed to be both easy and powerful; even developers with minimal experience will have no problem integrating text messaging into their projects using Ez Texting.   If you simply want to send and receive text messages, our sending and receiving APIs are a perfect solution. If you&#039;re looking for deeper integration and other features, we offer a number of other APIs:  * Our Voice Broadcast API allows you to send voice broadcast messages to single numbers as well as arrays of numbers.  * Our Carrier Lookup API is a unique service that returns the most up to date wireless carrier attached to a particular phone number. 
Video sharing service Video video, The Vimeo API provides an interface to access much of the public data from Vimeo. Share videos with your friends. Access privacy settings to share videos with only select people. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in either XML, JSON, JSONP or serialized PHP
Web based messaging platform Chat chat,deadpool,video,Voice, From their site: meebo.com is a website for instant messaging from absolutely anywhere. Whether you???re at home, on campus, at work, or traveling foreign lands, hop over to meebo.com on any computer to access all of your buddies (on AIM, Yahoo!, MSN, Google Talk, ICQ and Jabber) and chat with them, no downloads or installs required.
Job search and posting Job Search jobs, Use the JobCrank API to integrate JobCrank data with your internal applications. You an query jobs, post jobs, and look for new matches. View jobs for hire, project bidding, and volunteer positions.
Global SMS messaging Messaging Global,messaging,sms,telephony, BulkSMS offers bulk text messaging delivery to 200 countries worldwide via a simple HTTP API. Multiple routing and pricing options. The API is available in over 800 networks in over 200 countries. global (economy routing); global (standard routing); australia, austria, belgium, germany, ireland, italy, netherlands, spain, sweden, switzerland, uk (premium routing)
Interactive tag cloud of Washington Post stories that lets you browse stories by keyword. By Frank Wiles.  null deadpool,news, Interactive tag cloud of Washington Post stories that lets you browse stories by keyword. By Frank Wiles. 
India Restaurant and lifestyle guide Food food,india,local,restaurant,reviews, Zomato is a restaurant, food and lifestyle guide in India. It offers API which lets users access most updated content available on Zomato in real time directly from within their apps. Users can get information such as restaurant listings, location coordinates, reviews, discounts, photos, menus and more. The API lets users search over 18,000 restaurants, covering 10 major cities in India, based on various criteria. Calls are made using REST and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Website reputation service Security reputation,security, WOT, or Web of Trust, promotes a safe browsing tool with a traffic light-like method of sharing what it knows about a site. The trust rankings are determined by millions of users in the active WOT community. The MyWot API provides access to the reputation rankings in four categories: trustworthiness, vendor reliability, privacy and child safety. In addition to the 0-100 reputation, MyWot provides a confidence score for how reliable the system believes the score to be.
Data visualization service Other analytics,bigdata,Data,image,visualization, MetaLayer is a data visualization service that allows users to drag and drop data of various types, including imagery, for analysis and data visualization. MetaLayer can be used by a variety of industries, including research and journalism.  The MetaLayer API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of MetaLayer with other applications and services. Some example API methods include retrieving data information and metadata, accessing images and information about images, and uploading data and images.
The free wiki world map Mapping display,mapping,openstreetmap,places,viewer, The OpenStreetMap protocol interface is a REST web service interface prividing read and write operations on the raw map data of the openstreetmap.org database.  The map data is being built from scratch to be released with an open content license. See [[http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/index.php/OpenStreetMap:About About OpenStreetMap]] 
Communications platform for web & mobile applications Messaging communications,messaging,telephony,text,video,Voice, Layer is a platform for all types of communication for the internet, web applications, and mobiles applications. Layer allows users to build text messaging, voice messaging, and video functionality into applications for communication.  The Layer API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Layer with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include creating and managing users, sending and receiving messages, and accessing and managing contacts. 
Web based email API Email email,INBOUND,smtp, Send and receive emails from your application via the Email Yak API. Just update your MX record and you can begin creating email accounts for your users to email and receive the messages as JSON or XML. Uses Web Hooks to provide new messages to your application.
Travel time calculator Transportation distance,driving,transportation,travel,walking, Walk Score is a website that allows users to search neighborhoods for information about local places and services to determine how &quot;walkable&quot; a neighborhood is, generating an walk score.   Walk Score&#039;s Travel Time API calculates travel times between an origin and a set of destinations. The API can visualize travel times on a map and supports walking, public transit, driving, and biking times.
Video upload and sharing service Video deadpool,video, The AOL Video Upload API and AOL Video Uploads (AVU) site (uncutvideo.aol.com), along with support for both services, was discontinued on December 18, 2008. See the API Home Page for more details. 
Business social networking platform Social enterprise,opensocial,social, LinkedIn is the worlds largest business social networking hub. Launched in 2003, LinkedIn has millions of users and is implemented in over 200 countries. One purpose of the site is to allow registered users to maintain a list of contact details of people with whom they have some level of relationship, called Connections. Users can invite anyone (whether a site user or not) to become a connection.  LinkedIn actually provides 2 APIs: -The JavaScript API is a rich client library enabling you to build dynamic applications in the web browser. Use OAuth 2 to easily authorize users via the &quot;Sign In with LinkedIn&quot; button, access LinkedIn data with native objects, and interact with Plugins.  -The REST API provides a simple, consistent representation of people, companies, jobs, and the interactions and relationships between them. Our query language lets you read data in XML and JSON at the granularity and aggregation that you choose. Use OAuth 1.0a to authorize users and begin making REST API calls using any programming language.
Access campground database Travel camping,travel, The Active.com Camping API, backed by Reserve America&#039;s  database, provides access to campground data for 97% of the US and Canada&#039;s national and state/provincial parks. With it, developers can search for available campgrounds with horse sites in the state of California, for example. Or, developers can search for campgrounds in Maine that allow pets.  This API features two concepts, campground and campsite. Campgrounds are generally situated inside state or national parks and consist of one or more campsites. The Active.com Campgrounds API is a read-only API and returns registration links for campgrounds on ReserveAmerica.com which is public data. As a result, no security measures (SSL, Oauth) are required. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.  Monetize your API: Sign up for our referral program to earn a revenue share - http://www.activenetwork.com/affiliates.htm
Web site analysis service Internet internet,SEO, From their site: Yahoo! Site Explorer APIs provide access to information about your site from the Yahoo! Site Explorer service. These APIs help you better understand your traffic and usage -- querying for the pages in the Yahoo! index and the sites linking into a site. They will be useful to anyone looking for a good grasp of who is linking to you and to create an effective alternative to easily-spammed trackback. 
Affiliate network service Shopping affiliate,shopping, HasOffers is an affiliate network software that offers a complete suite of tools for building an affiliate network. You can use the software to track offers, review reports, manage affiliates and advertisers. The HasOffers application makes it easy to start your own branded affiliate network in minutes.
Internet and mobile communication services Chat calendar,chat,events,presence, Fuze Box is a provider of Internet and mobile based unified communications solutions. The Fuze Box APIs allow users to incorporate meetings, presence and IM into their applications. A suite of APIs are offered in the following categories:  Meeting & Scheduling APIs - Account management and creation, event scheduling and XMPP access to presence and chat utilities are available in both web and mobile environments.  Presence and IM APIs - Indicate when individuals are online/offline across multiple messaging networks, instant message across multiple platforms.  Mobile APIs - Fuze Box offers SDKs for mobile platforms to compliment their Meeting, IM and Presence APIs.  Reporting and Analytics APIs - These APIs include the capacity to provide partners with analytics that expand reporting capabilities to include statistics on individual and aggregated usage of the Fuze Box platform services.  The APIs use both REST and SOAP protocols with responses formatted in XML and JSON. Full documentation is available upon request.
Chemical structure database Science chemistry,reference,science, The ChemSpider API is a free chemical structure database that provides access to over 25 million structures, properties and associated information. This API enables researchers to access information from more than 400 data sources with a single search. Users can search for chemicals by name, structure, properties, or elemental components.
Address book contacts synchronization service Tools address,contacts,management,sync,tools, Openwave Messaging is a provider of messaging solutions with cloud and social integration capabilities. The Network Address Book (NAB) synchronizes contact information across multiple platforms allowing providers to both personalize and simplify their messaging service offerings. Users of NAB can access and manage their contacts, events tasks and more. This can be accomplished on platforms including webmail, PC email clients, mobile phone address books and voice interfaces. An API is offered that lets developers integrate functionality such as messaging, billing and portal. Public documentation is not available.
Web tools for churches Tools church,prayer,religion,tools, New Hope Oahu is a Foursquare Gospel Church and Christian fellowship. New Hope Oahu hosts an API providing developer access to several online services intended for church websites. Supported services include access to daily bible readings, daily online devotions, and an online self-evaluation tool allowing visitors to discover their spiritual gifts.
Energy calculator tool Government calculator,energy,government,green,tools, Home Energy Saver (HES) is a service of the US Department of Energy, developed by Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (LBNL), that provides recommendations to homeowners for upgrading and improving their energy consumption.   LBNL created a suite of APIs for HES that may be licensed. A 60-day, non-renewable license is available. The APIs use the SOAP protocol. 
CRM and project management platform Enterprise contacts,CRM,emails,enterprise,pm,project-management, Insightly is a client relationship management (CRM) and project management platform. Insightly allows businesses to customize and utilize various CRM and project management features, such as contact information, various dashboards, and social media integration.  The Insightly API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Insightly with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving and managing emails, managing contacts and contact details, and managing attachments and files. 
Email marketing service Email email,marketing,sbweb, Integrate your software with Email Marketing from Constant Contact.  Our API allows you to seamlessly integrate our industry-leading Email Marketing service. Today more than 300,000 small businesses and organizations rely on Constant Contact???s Email Marketing to help them drive their success.   Our API allows you to manage email contacts, contact lists and reporting data. Also you can view email marketing campaign results; including which email contacts were mailed to, who opened the email and who clicked each URL link in the email.
Cloud-based video collaboration service Video cloud,messaging,telephony,video, Weemo provides video collaboration services that can be embedded into work applications and websites, allowing users to communicate without having to switch programs. The high-quality video feed is based on a robust, scalable cloud platform. Weemo&#039;s REST and JavaScript APIs enable developers to integrate the video service into their websites and applications.
Web based instant messaging Chat chat,deadpool, From their site: Web AIM brings the core AIM experience to the web, empowering developers to create mashups or rich internet applications integrated with AIM. With Web AIM, you can. Web AIM provides standards-based APIs to access the Buddy List? feature, the sending and receiving of IMs, rich presence information, and more.
Music lyrics database Music lyrics,music,reference,songs, LyricFind provides a legal music lyrics service. LyricFind has licensing from over 2,000 music publishers, including the four majors a?? EMI Music Publishing, Universal Music Publishing Group, Warner/Chappell Music Publishing, and Sony/ATV Music Publishing a?? as well as a database of those lyrics available for licensing.   The LyricFind Web Service v2.0 has five APIs, available in basic and premium versions. The premium version incorporates Rovia??s All Music Guide data access, providing search and display capabilities. Functionality offered by the API includes lyric search, lyric display, access to track level metadata, charts for data across LyricFind, and lyric submission. Data can be formatted in both XML and JSON. Full documentation is not publicly available, interested developers can contact sales@lyricfind.com for more information.
eBook store and reader Other books,ebooks, txtr is an eBook and digital content reading application and eBook store in Europe. Reaktor by txtr is a service infrastructure to access txtr&#039;s digital content and reader services.  The Reaktor API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and content of txtr with other applications and to create new applications. There are both SOAP and REST APIs. Some example API methods include uploading eBooks, accessing the eBook catalog, and downloaded content.
Mobile Publishing Platform SDK Backend backend,deadpool,mobile,telephony, The Trilibis SmartPath is a scalable cloud-based mobile publishing platform. Combining device detection and rendering technolog with UI building tools, the SmartPath SDK enables developers to create mobile web sites optimized for a variety of different mobile devices. The SDK itself supports both SOAP and REST protocol API&#039;s with its own back-end API integration while also supporting XML and JSON data formats. The development environment is java-based.  
Financial Information Exchange Service Financial exchange,financial,germany,stocks,trading, Deutsche-boerse is an exchange organization that is comprised of stock market investors, global capital market companies, and financial institutions They offer a full range of financial services, from securities and derivatives, to clearing services, and market data production. The VALUES API is a connection and log-in function that allow the user to access the exchange service. The service supports asynchronous data transfers between user systems and the exchange central system. An account is required with service. 
B2B Services Provider  Utility education,financial,merchant,mobile, Mobipaycash is an e-commerce integration company that serves business to business clients and as well as business to customer clients.  The site offers airlines booking, hotel bookings, bus booking, fund transfers, e-commerce integrations, and bill payment services.  Mobipaycash offers APIs to utilize each of the travel recharge, finance, e-commerce, and educational services. An account is required with service. 
Video collection and creation application Video collection,deadpool,sharing,social,video, Pixorial is a video creation, collection, and curation application for both web and mobile. Users can collect videos, store them, create videos, and share them with their friends and family.  The Pixorial API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Pixorial with other applications. Some example API methods include embedding videos, editing videos, and sharing videos.
Harvard Map Data Mapping college,harvard,mapping,Massachusetts,places, HarvardMaps is an application that users can use to search and view maps of Harvard and building/hall data for Harvard buildings. The HarvardMaps API allows developers to get data from HarvardMaps programatically in CSV, JSON, PHP, or XML format. This data can be used to integrate HarvardMaps into a developer&#039;s own applications. HarvardMaps is available for Non-Comercial use via a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommerical 3.0 Unported license. For commercial use, contact the author.
HR recruiting service Enterprise enterprise,HR,jobs,recruiting, HRM Direct is an employee recruitment system for Human Resources departments. It is designed to make it easier to attract, screen, evaluate, and hire better people in less time. Through HRM, users can instantly advertise their employment opportunities on pertinent sites across the internet. HRMa??s candidate-friendly experience and career sites attract job-seekers, while its automatic pre-screening and resume grading technology identifies top candidates. HRM also comes with analytics services to track processes and monitor the efficiency of hiring practices.  HRM Direct provides an XML-RPC-based data access API, enabling internal IT resources and vendors to develop additional tools and systems that integrate the information stored with HRM.
Get Social Data for Email Contacts Social demographics,email,identity,search,social, Rainmaker is a service that allows users to enhance their Google Contacts by retrieving public social information about their contacts. Not only does Rainmaker enhance Google Contacts, it also allows users to manage their contacts from the Rainmaker interface; any changes made to contacts in Rainmaker will be reflected in the user&#039;s Google Contacts.   Rainmaker also has a RESTful API that developers can use to integrate Rainmaker into their own creations. The API takes an email address as a parameter and returns available public data about the address, including social profile data, in JSON or XML format.
Review monitoring service for businesses Tools business,feedback,monitoring,reviews,tools, Review Trackers is a Software-as-a-Service business-to-business Web application that tracks and collects online customer reviews from websites like Yelp, Google+ Local, TripAdvisor, Foursquare, Citysearch, and other major review sites.   The API available to developers allows you direct access to all the historical reviews and then ongoing daily notifications of new reviews for a business.
Search advertising Advertising advertising,search, The Google AdWords API is the main revenue source for Google. AdWords offers pay-per-click advertising, cost-per-thousand advertising, and site-targeted advertising for text.  The Google AdWords API lets developers build applications that interact directly with the AdWords platform. With these applications, advertisers and third parties can more efficiently and creatively manage their large or complex AdWords accounts and campaigns. With the API, developers can automatically generate keywords, ad text, and destination URLs, integrate AdWords data with an inventory system to manage campaigns based on stock and develop additional tools and applications to help you manage accounts. The AdWords API SOAP interface is supported by all popular programming languages, including Java, PHP, Python, .NET, Perl, and Ruby.
Widget Platform Widgets actionscript,deadpool,flash,widgets, The yourminis widget API (wAPI) is an Actionscript 3.0 Library that allows flash content owners to quickly and easily create engaging widgets that run on both the web and desktop.
Cloud services marketplace Backend backend,cloud,computing,infrastructure,marketplace, ComputeNext is a cloud technology company that provides a cloud service brokerage platform, allowing users to discover and deploy cloud services from a single, value-added marketplace. The ComputeNext API provides a developer interface for discovering and utilizing Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) from a growing selection of public cloud providers. This REST API allows developers to access and control the functionality of providers. 
Language translation platform Enterprise ecommerce,Human,Translation,volume, Gengo is a Tokyo based startup, founded in 2008 with the aim of making high quality human translation simple and easy to integrate into virtually any web or mobile application or service. Gengo&#039;s hybrid translation platform, accessed via a well documented REST API, enables applications to request any combination of machine and human translations at varying service levels to optimize for speed, quality and cost.   Gengo has been integrated into a wide range of localization, digital publishing and communication services, and in addition to being integrated into popular systems, is directly accessible via the REST API, as well as pre-built client libraries for popular languages including Java, PHP, Python and Ruby. 
Property and real estate search engine Real Estate mapping,realestate,uk, Zoopla is one of the UK&#039;s leading providers of property data for consumers and property professionals, giving free access to information on 27,000,000 homes, over 1,000,000 property listings and 15 years of sold prices data.   What can you use Zoopla API data for?  - Provide contextual local data on average current property values or average sold prices by property type.  - Show listings for sale and rent properties on maps, including supporting descriptions, images and agent contact details.   - Display graphs showing local property value data and trends 
Email List and Campaign management service Email email,marketing,saas,sbweb,smallbusiness,webhooks, Sync campaign stats and subscriber information between MailChimp and your database. This helps you download a list of unsubscribes to clean your inhouse lists, build client portals and pull campaign stats from MailChimp if you send emails on behalf of clients, aggregate and compile campaign stats, send &quot;we also recommend this...&quot; campaigns, and pass account status data to MailChimp so that only active members get your emails.  [[http://www.mailchimp.com/tryit.phtml Get a Free Account Today!]]
Mormon radio querying service Search church,radio,religion,search, LDSTech is a community site where users can contribute to the technological work of the LDS (Mormon) church. The Mormon Channel is the official radio station of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and broadcasts 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The API allows developers to build apps that query content currently available as audio streams on LDS.org. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
U.S. political data lookup Government government,politics, The OpenSecrets API provides access to the data displayed on OpenSecrets.org. OpenSecrets performs research to track money in U.S. politics and its effect on elections and public policy. Use the API to access a politician&#039;s top contributors, personal financial disclosures for a politician, and more.
Social media management service Social facebook,scheduling,social,Twitter, HootSuite is a social media management platform for the web and mobile. Its users are usually juggling several accounts from Twitter, Facebook and other social networks. Messages can be scheduled, duplicated and broadcast across various services. Paid HootSuite accounts can include multiple members of a team, with additional features, such as assigning particular mentions or comments to other team members.  The HootSuite Engagement API makes the write functionality of the HootSuite platform available to developers. Applications can access the members of a HootSuite account, as well as the social networks attached to that account. Developers can create and schedule new messages, save drafts, and determine the messages that are pending.
Voice-related telephony services Telephony telephony,Voice,voicemail, VoiceShot offers web-based voice broadcasting, text messaging, appointment reminders, virtual office phone systems, a virtual receptionist, and XML voice alert and notification services. VoiceShot IVR (Interactive Voice Response) allows users to automate both incoming and outgoing phone calls and to send and receive text messages via REST API. This means that developers can integrate IVR functions with their own applications and  websites to send notifications, automate customer service, convey order statuses, and more.
Event hosting club photo album retrieval service Photos events,photo,social, The Charlotte City Club - located in Charlotte, NC - provides social and business event hosting services to its members. Members may set up their own events or attend events held by the Club itself. The Charlotte City Club website provides a photo album, which is not available to the general public. The Photo Album API enables users to load all or some of the images from the photo album onto their own websites. This API is accessible via SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Vehicle dealer information Database auto,consumer,database,vehicle, Edmunds has been a publisher of new and used automotive pricing guides to assist automobile buyers since 1966. In addition to pricing information, Edmunds.com includes car reviews; vehicle maintenance guidance and resources; tips and advice on buying/selling vehicles, insurance, fuel economy, and more; and user forums.   The Edmunds.com Dealer API is a RESTful API that provides information about automotive dealerships associated with a given criteria including zipcode, Make or Style ID. Responses are returned in JSON.
License Manager Enterprise enterprise,project-management,tools, The Google Enterprise License Manager API allows developers to  assign, update, retrieve, and delete user licenses through Googles API. The API uses OAuth 2.0 token authentication or an API key in every request made to the server. Calls to the API are made in JavaScript and returns are formatted in JSON-P.
Dictionary look-up service Dictionary Dictionary, The OED bills itself as the definitive record of the English language. The OED SRU service (search/retrieve via URL) provides a means to automate basic queries, using a standard syntax to represent queries, and a standard protocol for returning results. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML. 
Wiki data retrieval service Wiki wiki, JSPWiki is a Java-based Wiki. The site for JSPWiki has an XML-RPC interface. It allows users to retrieve content and information from wiki pages. Possible uses include providing automatic emails when wiki pages change, printing out all pages of a wiki for inclusion on portable devices, remotely backing up a wiki, and transferring pages from one wiki to another.
Events Listing and Ticketing Service Events events,tickets, Brown Paper Tickets is a fair-trade ticketing company, providing tickets for both large and small events. In addition to their website, Brown Paper Tickets provides a RESTful API for developers to use to integrate with and use data from Brown Paper Tickets. The API gives developers access to a full featured suite of event ticketing and management tools.  The Brown Paper Tickets API also works with affiliate program, allowing apps to generate revenue for the developer. 
Music concert and event community Music events,music, From their site: At Songkick we&#039;ve spent a lot of time collecting data about live music, and now we want to see what you can do with it. We&#039;re currently putting together an API to allow access to much of the data available on the website. This is very much a work in progress, but we&#039;re making what we have available as a preview to participants in the Music Hack Day taking place over the weekend of July 11th and 12th 2009. 
Wholesale SMS API Messaging bulk,Global,messaging,SMPP,sms,telephony, Nexmo API eliminates the need to connect to carriers or complex third party protocols through our simple yet powerful RESTful and SMPP APIs. With a scalable infrastructure, we let you send and receive SMS in high volumes to over 5 billion users. To increase deliverability and reduce latency, Nexmo uses a direct-to-carrier model eliminating hops in the chain.  That translates into wholesale pricing and reactive customer support. With Nexmo, there is no long-term commitment, minimum spent or negotiation required - just plain and simple pay-as-you-go!
Cloud based virtual server and storage service Storage cloud,Server,storage,virtual, DigitalOcean provides a simple, cloud based virtual server (droplet) service. With over 13,000 cloud servers currently in operation, DigitalOcean is a well-established provider of online storage solutions with fast, realtime control. With a streamlined interface, users are able to create and start utilizing a virtual server in under a minute.  The API provides all the same services as the web control panel to allow full control over your Droplet virtual servers. Using a simple, REST interface you can make calls for: shutting down, power cycling your virtual server, show all active droplets, take a snapshot, rebuild your droplet, and more. The API supports all major droplet functions allowing you to effectively run your server through the API.
eCommerce and online sales platform provider Payment ecommerce,payment,retail,sales,shopping, Powa is an eCommerce and mobile commerce solution provider. Powa provides online and mobile sales platforms for companies, vendors, retaillers, and other organizations in need of online sales capabilities.  The Powa API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Powa with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up for a developer account: http://www.powa.com/page/Developers+%26+agencies.
Travel Flight Booking API Travel booking,flight,search,travel, The Travelfusion Direct Connect XML API allows authorised travel partners direct and easy access content from more than 170 low cost and scheduled airlines around the world.   With a rich set of functions and versatile integration capabilities, the Direct Connect XML API system allows you to link directly between your system and our online booking system.  With real-time availability and fully automated booking processes, this innovative system is constantly updated and is backed by a technical support team.   This system adds value for customers by allowing for choice, control and flexibility, an easy exchange of information and fresh, up-to-date content.  Detailed specifications of all XML requests, guidelines and further information are available in our Detailed XML Specification.
Cloud computing platform  Utility cloud,hosting,other,platform,Server,utility, Jelastic is a cloud platform that allows for hosting and server services in the cloud.   The Jelastic API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Jelastic with other applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, viewing server logs, and accessing and managing archives. 
Comparison shopping engine Shopping comparison,deadpool,shopping, By using the PriceGrabber XML API, you gain instant access to millions of products and offers, PriceGrabber???s categories/taxonomy, but also (depending on the level of API access that you receive), access to product full descriptions and specs, user and merchant reviews, coupons and rebates, and much more.  The PriceGrabber XML API is a REST-based API, which means that you will programmatically get access to the PriceGrabber catalog simply by sending requests over HTTP following a specific syntax, similarly to how a browser retrieves a web page from a website. You will receive responses from the API in an XML format. XML is a standard that allows programs to describe data independently from the language or platform a site or application is running on.  Because using a REST API requires some basic programming knowledge, including understanding of the HTTP protocol and parsing of XML documents, you will need to possess these skills or request help from someone who does to be able to integrate PriceGrabber data into your site or application.  XML API Access:  You first and foremost need to request access to our API. You will be given a partner ID (pid) and special key that you will use to access the API.  You will initially be asked to send your API requests to a development server where you will be able to test the XML API and start building your application.   Please note that this test environment is not meant to support a large amount of XML API requests. You should never attempt any type of performance or load tests, nor should you drive high levels of traffic to it. If you have specific requirements regarding the service levels of our XML API, please check with your account manager to see what options are available.  Once you are satisfied with your implementation, one of our experts will review your integration and provide feedback, suggestions or request changes to make sure that your website or application is using the API correctly and as optimally as possible. Upon completion of this review, you will be granted access to our production environment and will change your API request domain.  Getting information from our XML API is simple as calling the ???search_xml.php???? URL and passing a series of parameters that are detailed in the next section. Each parameter is separated from the previous one by a ???&??? sign and each parameter works as a name=value pair. Parameters have different meanings and purposes that will allow you to flexibly search products, offers or other content within the PriceGrabber catalog. 
Gaming review service Games deadpool,games,recommendations, Gamepro offers a database of content for gamers and developers that includes:       * 11,000 game titles on 20 different game platforms     * 18 types of meta data for most game titles such as video, screens, and ratings     * 250 news articles and game reviews being written each month  The API lets you develop a custom feed of any element of GamePro&#039;s content database that you want. Available data includes Game Catalog Data, Ratings and Reviews, Industry News, Video and Screens, and Cheats.  
Avatar access service Social social, Note: API docs are not public. From their site: There are more than 21 million WeeMees worldwide and their owners want to see them on your website! So we&#039;ve made it easy for you to give them what they want. Partner with WeeWorld and benefit from the power of the WeeMee. The WeeWorld Partner Program allows the creation and use of WeeMees (customizable personalized avatars) on websites outside WeeWorld.com. The API is quick and easy to integrate into your website and allows your end users free and simple access to WeeMees. Benefits:   Give your website a unique angle and instant personalization; Enhance your user experience and keep them coming back for more; Align yourself with a powerful brand. Contact to determine whether you need the basic or extended API.
European football information service Sports europe,football,soccer,sports, The Visual DataFlex Football Pool API provides access to information on European football (soccer) teams, players, and games. Users can discover the names of all players on a team, who plays which position, and who has red or yellow cards. Users may also retrieve information on game results, as well as which cities and stadiums games are played in.
Online flowcharting and diagramming service Other charts,diagrams,office, Use the Gliffy flowcharting and diagramming API to include flowchart and diagramming editing features in your software. After a user has created a diagram, you will typically want to show an image of that diagram somewhere in your app, so the Document Entity enables you to get a copy of your diagram in the JPEG or PNG format. Use the Account entity, which is an organizational entity primarily for billing and tracking usage. Use the Document entity to access a single Gliffy document or diagram. The User entity gives you access to a named user who is a member of an account. Use the Folder entity to organize documents and control user permissions.
Moldovan educational institution information service Education education,government,international,school, The service provides current reports from schools and educational institutions in the former Soviet republic of Moldova. It exposes lists and details of Moldovan educational institutions, accessible by name or geographic region, and provides performance scores based on data provided by the institutions. The service is intended to encourage review, awareness, and scrutiny of activities in schools within the country.  API methods support listing of schools and institutions by educational level and geographic location. For each institution, methods support access to details about infrastructure, language, student population, and finances. The API also provides scores by area of study and gender.
Loosely-structured database of facts Database database, TheBigDB is a loosely-structured database that is free and open to the public. It contains miscellaneous facts stored as statements, which are simply arrays of nodes that anyone can create, upvote, or downvote. TheBigDB has no datatypes, namespaces, lists, or domains. Users can search through the nodes programmatically using REST calls issued in JSON format.
Google API directory service Internet Apis,internet, This lightweight API is used within Google and made available to other developers. It makes all of Google&#039;s APIs listable and provides additional information about each API, including a full list of resources or methods.  Google uses the API Discovery API internally to maintain client libraries for all of its APIs, as well as to fill a sandbox with potential API calls.
Book search Search books,search, The Google Book Search Book Viewability API enables developers to: Link to Books in Google Book Search using ISBNs, LCCNs, and OCLC numbers; Know whether Google Book Search has a specific title and what the viewability of that title is; Generate links to a thumbnail of the cover of a book; Generate links to an informational page about a book; Generate links to a preview of a book.
Image Editing Services Photos editing,image,photo,social, HP Labs is a division of HP dedicated to researching and developing a greater expertise in a wide range of technical disciplines. The HP Imaging Cloud Photo Suite is a collection of services hosted on the HP Cloud that developers are invited to utilize in applications. The services include: the BRIC Photo layout API that auto-adjusts aspect ratios and photo sizes to fit the most pictures on a single page. The Page PIrate API takes photos of written information and sharpens the text and adjusts image aspects to make the information legible. The Face Detect API recognizes faces within a photo and returns a rectangle where faces are located. The Auto Crop API uses algorithms and photo references to suggest possible crop options to improve composition. 
Social media data delivery service Social facebook,management,media,social,Twitter, The Gnip API provides notification of activities (events) occurring in a variety of services and, whenever possible, a guid that identifies the activity itself vis a vis the service it was created on. Activity examples include a user &quot;tweet&quot; (twitter), a user &quot;dugg&quot; (digg), a user creating a blog post, etc.  There are two primary roles that API users fall into; Publishers and Subscribers. You may be one, the other, or both depending on your situation. Publishers push data into the system and subscribers consume data from the system.  Gnip also provides access to Twitter firehoses for non-display purposes, sometimes with a fee.
Online payment service Payment finance,payment, Use Mass Payments to send up to 250 payments to different payees in one batch. It&#039;s a fast and convenient way to send all kinds of disbursements, including commissions, rebates, rewards, and general payments. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Music score search engine and analysis platform Music analysis,music,search,sheetmusic, Peachnote is a search engine and analysis platform for music scores. Music Ngram Viewer and IMSLP search engine. When users enter melodies into the Music Ngram Viewer, it displays a graph showing how those melodies have occurred in a corpus of scores (e.g., &quot;IMSLP&quot;) over the years.   The API offers a way of accessing the ngram data instead of downloading the whole data set. The API provides access to the latest and most complete music ngram data, which might not be available for download otherwise. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON and PNG.
Australian business directory search service Reference Australia,directory,local,places,reference,search, The Sensis Business Search API provides business listings from Yellow Pages and White Pages Australia. Third party digital developers, entrepreneurs and publishers can use the API to add business search functionality on their websites, mobile-sites and applications. The API provides access to a fully maintained and comprehensive collection of Australian local business listings, sourced from the Yellow Pages and White Pages Directories. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Online photo sharing service Photos photo, From their site: Photobucket is the most popular site on the internet for uploading, sharing, linking and finding photos, videos and graphics. Now you can add Photobucket features to your application by using our new Web Service API.
Google Maps Geocoding Service Mapping geocoding,mapping, The Google Geocoding API is a webservice for the Google Maps API. The Geocoding API provides a direct way to access a geocoder via an HTTP request, though it must be used in conjunction with Google Maps. Additionally, the service allows you to perform the converse operation (turning coordinates into addresses); this process is known as &quot;reverse geocoding.&quot; Also, you can choose to limit your search to certain bounded areas (Viewport Biasing) or regions (Region Biasing). 
English Premier League statistics service Sports england,soccer,sports,statistics, StatsFC Premier League is a service that provides English Premier League statistics for soccer/football. Statistic features include tables, fixtures, results, forms, and top scorers.  The StatsFC Premier League API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of the StatsFC service with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving the League table, retrieving top scorers, and retrieving results. 
Customer support service Enterprise customer,enterprise, Desk.com provides customer support services. A company can register for its own social help desk and have it up and running in a day or a weekend. The Desk.com REST APIs enable users to integrate the help desk with other internal and 3rd party systems. The APIs allow users to retrieve cases for a particular customer, to retrieve or update a customera??s information, and to create new interactions, cases, and customers.
Mobile gift card platform Shopping giftcard,mobile,payment,retail,shopping, Gyft is a digital gift card platform that enables users to manage mobile gift cards and use mobile gift cards at retailers and businesses, as well as send other people gift cards with their mobile phones.  The Gyft API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Gyft with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here for API access: http://www.gyft.com/partners/.
Local deals Shopping aggregator,coupons,deadpool,places,shopping,usa, The Dealmap API allows users to develop applications that integrate and interact with the Dealmap Platform. The Dealmap API let&#039;s users add functionality to their applications such as search, add and consume local deals. It offers a comprehensive local deal database. The API features a RESTful interface and returns data in JSON or XML.
Hotel booking service Travel booking,travel,vacation, OctopusTravel is a hotel booking site offering an inventory of over 140,000 hotels worldwide. Users with websites that cater to visitors interested in travel can become affiliate partners with OctopusTrvael. The affiliate program gives partners the chance to earn commissions for online bookings. OctopusTravel offers a full XML API for affiliates that give them the option to be a merchant or offer access to the payment gateway. Full documentation for the API is not publicly available.
Blog and feed search Blog Search blog,deadpool,search, 
Emergency mass notification and communication service Messaging emergency,messaging,mobile,phone,sms, Everbridge provides a single system for handling mass notifications, incident communications, and situational intelligence that is used by major industries and governments worldwide. Its services can be used for handling both emergency situations and daily operations. Users can integrate contact information with Everbridge or remotely trigger notifications by integrating with a set of REST APIs, referred to collectively as Everbridge Open.
Chicago transit tracking service Transportation chicago,Illinois,transit,travel, The CTA Bus Tracker API provides a gateway into near-real-time CTA bus locations and estimated arrival times. Developers can use the official CTA Bus Tracker service via Web or mobile device. The API allows developers to get specific information from Bus Tracker to incorporate estimated arrivals and location information into apps. Data exposed via the API includes vehicle locations, route data, prediction data and service bulletins. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
Search services for researchers Search deadpool,education,search, From their site:  The University Research Program for Google Search is designed to give university faculty and their research teams high-volume programmatic access to Google Search, whose huge repository of data constitutes a valuable resource for understanding the structure and contents of the web. Our aim is to help bootstrap web research by offering basic information about specific search queries. Since the program builds on top of Google&#039;s search technology, you&#039;ll no longer have to operate your own crawl and indexing systems. We hope this will help enable some useful research, and request only that you publish any work you produce through this program for the academic community&#039;s general benefit. 
Online mapping service Mapping api,display,mapping,maps,viewer, What Is the Maps API?  The Nokia Maps API for JavaScript (the Maps API) is a set of programming interfaces that enable developers to build Web applications with feature rich, interactive Nokia Maps at their center. The API consists of libraries of classes and methods with which to implement the functionality of an interactive application.  The associated API Playground offers ready-made working examples, whose code the developer can modify and view the effect immediately.  Feature List  The main features offered by the Maps API are summarized in the table below:  The API provides full access to world-leading map data in three different modes: satellite, terrain and hybrid.  The map data to which the API offers access, include millions of different places, landmarks, places and addresses located on maps. Their visibility on the map can be controlled via the API.  The API allows you to build search functionality into you application. Users can searches for places, using keywords, addresses, or geographic coordinates.  The API provides full access to geocoding and reverse geocoding services.  The API allows you to define and render routes between a start and a destination point. It supports many navigation options such as toll road  preference and transport type.  The API includes built-in functionality that takes advantage of the W3C Geolocation API supported by many browsers.  The API allows you to modify existing markers or create custom ones, using SVG or bitmap images. You can also add geo shapes based on coordinates to the map: polygons, polylines, circles or rectangles, and make these custom map object interactive by assigning UI events to them.  
Text messaging service Telephony Global,sms,spain,telephony, Esendex is an SMS text messaging service based in Spain. Using the service, your applications can send and receive messages, including bulk messages. Esendex Spain offers a suite of SMS APIs including a REST, SOAP, and Post Form API.   This site is in spanish. 
Cloud based data platform Backend backend,cloud,deadpool,internet,mobile, Usergrid is a cloud-based data platform for managing application objects and data for mobile and rich client applications. The Usergrid API gives users a core set of application objects that let them complete tasks such as managing users and powering interactions. A data storage system is provided for storing, searching and retrieving both content and object collections. The platform also gives users the ability to log data and track it in realtime to perform data analytics. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Online CD and music retailing service Music audio,mp3,music, The service gives access by sales partner sites to the online retailer&#039;s collection of music CDs, along with some movie and game titles. Also available are MP3 downloads, audiobooks, vinyl records, and accessories. Affiliate sites can resell and process transactions through the service for fulfillment.  API methods support a range of search services by CD identifier, UPC, title, artist, and category. Users can also retrieve top sellers, new releases, and future releases in a category or by artist.
Group discount shopping service Shopping coupons,deals,discounts,shopping, DailyDealTime is a daily deal website that features daily offers on things to do, see, eat and buy in cities across the United States. The service offers consumers a a??one-day-onlya?? value, and offers a means for businesses to gain a new stream of  customers. A pre-agreed minimum number of people must sign up for each daily deal in order for everyone to get the offer.  Applications can interact directly with DailyDealTime via a RESTful API. Supported aspects of the API include exposure of deal content based on geography. Both JSON and XML formats are supported.  
Cloud-based chart creation platform  Tools charts,diagrams,tools,visualization, LucidChart is diagram- and chart-making platform. Users can create wireframes, charts, UML, more, and share them easily through an array of integration options. The interface allows users to drag and drop the pieces of their diagrams. For this, users have a large selections and shapes and texts at their disposal. The diagrams can be published as PDFs or shared through various web platforms such as Google Drive and Apps. The LucidChart API exposes the document management functionality. It is a RESTful API that returns XML-encoded data. 
Church membership and organization information service Enterprise church,enterprise,religion, The service provides access to records of the LDS (Mormon) church related to central and local congregation membership and organization divisions and activities. Major functions are separated as Church Member Information System (CMIS) and Church Directory of Organizations and Leadership (CDOL).  Methods under the CMIS support listing of members and households, both overall and for specific units within the church, along with validating membership by individuals and households. Methods under the CDOL provide listings of members within local units (stakes and wards) as well as subdivisions of the church organization and their leaders.
Restaurant Menu Sharing Service Food food,menus,restaurant, OpenMenu helps restaurants store and share their menus over the Internet by standardizing the menus&#039; structure and format. This information is stored in a single, centralized database which is freely accessible and searchable by both API developers and the public. OpenMenu allows a restaurant to maintain and update a single menu which can then be accessed from  a variety of other sites such as Facebook or Wordpress.
Natural disaster information platform Weather cyclones,earthquakes,emergency,storm,tropical,weather, Sigimera is a crises information platform that combines reports from official sources with on-the-ground information in order to support people in and around natural disasters. Sigimera can be used to host multimedia data such as images or videos of the scene after a natural disaster, or the statuses of useful locations (e.g. whether a hospital or airport is intact or over-crowded). Sigimera also provides a list of missing persons and their current statuses (missing/found/dead).  The Sigimera API allows users to integrate information from Sigimera into other applications. RESTful calls can be used to retrieve crises, images, missing persons, and locations in a variety of data formats.
Cloud computing platform Backend backend,cloud,hosting,storage, Tiktalik is a dedicated hosting platform for developers. Tiktalik services include: Tiktalik Computing, a reliable and scalable platform for virtual servers; Tiktalik Files, which offers safty and high availability for your files; and Tiktalik Load Balancer, for the high availability and scalability of your service.  Tiktalik offers access to their load balancing and computing cloud services via a REST API. An API key is required.
Global weather data Weather forecast,measurement,weather, Mminternational is a weather measurement network from MeteoGroup, a German weather services company. Meteomedia is a division of mminternational providing weather products and services for the media and public. The meteomedia Weather Development Kit is an API providing programmatic access to data from the mminternational database. Accessible services include worldwide weather data, measurements and forecasts, and more. 
Online storage service Storage paas,storage, Google Storage for Developers is a RESTful web service API for storing and accessing your data on Google&#039;s infrastructure. The service combines the performance and scalability of Google&#039;s cloud with advanced security and sharing capabilities. With this API: all data is replicated to multiple U.S. data centers, offers read-your-writes data consistency, and allows objects of hundreds of gigabytes in size per request with range-get support.
Chat and messaging Chat chat,deadpool,desktop, The MSN Messenger Activity is an HTML-based application that is exposed as part of the MSN??? Messenger client. Up to 500x500 pixels. Code in VBScript or JavaScript.
3D customizing and printing platform Other 3d,customization,image,printing, CloudFab is a 3D printing platform that allows users to create, customize, and print 3D objects. Users can upload files, edit and customize, and print a 3D version.  The CloudFab API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CloudFab with other applications. Example API methods include automating 3D printing and managing orders and account information. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email info@cloudfab.com for more information.
Bulk SMS service provider Messaging bulk,messaging,nigeria,sms,text, 5star SMS is a Nigeria-based bulk SMS service provider delivering single or bulk SMS to over 200 countries. The 5star SMS API provides a simple developer interface for sending bulk SMS and checking account balances. 
Microblogging service Social microblogging,social, The Twitter micro-blogging service includes two RESTful APIs. The Twitter REST API methods allow developers to access core Twitter data. This includes update timelines, status data, and user information. The Search API methods give developers methods to interact with Twitter Search and trends data. The API presently supports the following data formats: XML, JSON, and the RSS and Atom syndication formats, with some methods only accepting a subset of these formats.
Web scrapbook post and view service Social blog,social, From their site: Use the Tumblr API to read Tumblr data or to write a Tumblr post. Unlike blogs, tumblelogs aren&#039;t designed like a newspaper column. If blogs are journals, tumblelogs are scrapbooks. Blogs are great, but they can be a lot of work. And they&#039;re really built to handle longer-form text posts. Tumblelogs, on the other hand, let you easily and quickly post and share anything you find or create, such as photos, videos, audio, quotes, and links, or text. 
CRM services Enterprise CRM,deadpool,enterprise,iPhone,mobile,office, Use the Contact Hero API to manage contact information, notes, calls, messages and contact photos. Contact Hero is a new contact manager and address book built from the ground up for mobile devices like Blackberry or iPhone. Integrate your ContactHero data with an existing or new app, display ContactHero data in your business system, and send updated data back to ContactHero from your app. With the API, you have access to the same functionality as your user type when logged in to the ContactHero site.
Social media sentiment analysis service Social analytics,emotion,language,NLP,sentiment,text, Converseon is a social media analytics and strategy firm. One of their products is the Convey API that features sentiment analysis along with many other social intelligence features. It utilizes natural language processing, statistical modeling and machine learning techniques to return content-specific annotations. Supported annotations include: sentiment (polarity), emotion, intensity, spam and relevance. With the API, analysis can be conducted that includes searching, querying and relevancy, custom annotations, and continual training. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Burning Man event information Events art,events,mapping,schedule, Burning Man is an interactive art event and temporary experimental community that gathers yearly in Nevadaa??s Black Rock Desert. Burningman.coma??s PlayaEvents API provides programmatic access to information describing the event. Exposed data includes information describing events, theme camps, art installations, and streets. API access is free and publicly available.
Content sharing service File Sharing deadpool,media,storage, Drop.io&#039;s API is a switchboard for digital content sharing. Drop.io lets you share any sort of content, from any digital input, with whom and how you want. Drops are just a format for simple private sharing.
Access data from the Google Sites service Tools tools,wiki, The Google Sites Data API lets developers access, publish, and modify content within a Google Site. The API is available to both Google Account and Google Apps users.  Here are some of the things you can do with the API:      * Retrieve, create, modify, move, and delete pages, comments, attachments, and other content.     * Review the revision history across the Site.     * Monitor all add, modify, and delete activity for a Site.     * Upload/download attachments and files.     * Create customized gadgets for your users.&quot;
Status message search engine Search deadpool,search,social,Twitter, The Social Archive contains historical tweets and other status messages. Using its API you can retrieve a real-time stream, as we as search Twitter by keyword.  The Social Archive, as the name suggests, aims to be a place to store messages permanently. It also aims to be as open as possible, providing access to its data and information. Using the service you can search by keyword, user, location or hash tag. You can also specify Twitter-only results, another service, or receive results from any service archived by The Social Archive.
Package shipping Shipping enterprise,shipping, From their site: Realize the full potential of e-commerce with FedEx Global Developer Tools. Seamlessly integrate them into your systems and get immediate access to FedEx shipping and tracking.
Business messaging service Chat business,chat,social, From 37Signals. Campfire is a realtime chat collaboration tool. Share files and links, create rooms for specific discussions.
Pass and ticket creation service mobile wallets Payment coupons,mobile,payment, WalletKit is a service to create passes, tickets, coupons, and more for mobile wallets, such as PassBook. Developers can create passes and tickets for Apple&#039;s PassBook and other mobile wallets.  The WalletKit API allows developers to integrate the functionality of WalletKit with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include creating and managing passes, retrieving pass templates, and posting passes. 
Photo filter and effects service Photos effects,Filters,photo, Separate from its flagship Aviary API, an embedded photo editor, this API provides filters and effects. Developers can automatically fix red-eye and color adjust photos. Create watermarks so that all your uploaded photos are automatically copy-protected. In all there are currently over 20 filters, effects and other operations.
UK public sector job service Job Search deadpool,government,jobs,uk, The UK&#039;s Civil Service helps job-seekers find work or retrain for new careers in industry, government, agriculture, and education. The Civil Service API enables developers retrieve and list all jobs currently available across the whole of the UK Civil Service.
Automated Trading Service Financial analytics,deadpool,feeds,financial,stocks,trading, ForexYard is an online brokerage providing to services to traders around the world. The ForexYard API enables users to build automated trading into third-party systems. Possibly trading actions include: trade requests, stop-loss, take-profit, entry orders, access to past trading, historical data requests, and charting.  The use the API, users must agree to the API disclosure and maintain sufficient funds in trading accounts. 
Chat and messaging services Chat chat, From their site: The Windows Live Messenger Library is a client-side library for building Web-based applications that integrate with Windows Live Messenger. With the Messenger Library, developers can build presence-enabled instant messaging applications that web site visitors can use to interact with each other as well as with Windows Live Messenger client users. The Messenger Library is written in C# and compiled into JavaScript using Script#. 
Solar energy information service Science energy,mapping,science,solar, The service provides data collected about potential and actual solar energy collection along with analytical services for evaluating solar resources. Mapping functions generate averages, both monthly and annually, for solar resources at a specified location. The toolset includes a mapping tool and performance data for photovoltaic (PV) arrays to support planning in light of the expected efficiency of solar electricity installations. Another tool calculates potential energy production and cost savings from PV arrays connected to conventional electrical energy grids. Its estimates describe hypothetical benefits of PV installations for individual residences and small businesses.  API methods support calculation of an estimate for solar electricity generation, measured as watt-hours per square meter per day, for a location specified as latitude and longitude. Methods also give estimates of efficiency for PV panels at a specified site. Another tool evaluates productivity and cost savings of PV panels feeding power in excess of local needs back to a regional electrical power grid.
Behavior modification and reward service Goal Setting goal-setting,marketing,rewards, FreePlay is a behavior modification service for marketers and developers. The service uses strategically timed rewards to influence user behavior. Marketers can use FreePlay to sponsor promotional rewards and connect with customers. Developers can incorporate the FreePlay API into their own applications and deliver real-life rewards that help users turn positive behaviors into lasting habits. An API key is required. 
Cloud storage service Storage cloud,storage, iCloud stores user&#039;s content and  wirelessly makes it available to all devices. iCloud Storage APIs allow application developers to store their apps&#039; documents and key value data in iCloud. The API also gives developers the ability to access sync and backup services. iCloud will wirelessly push documents to a user&#039;s device automatically and update the documents when changed on any device. Currently, full access to documentation is only available to registered developers.
Irish job search and recruitment service Job Search ireland,jobs, Jobs.ie is an Irish job site designed to make recruitment easier for employers. Recruiters can advertise jobs located in Ireland as well as jobs located abroad. The Jobs.ie API can be used to create, update, retrieve, and search for jobs on the website. It can also be used to retrieve other information from the site, or even to submit applications. This API uses SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Daily deals aggregator Shopping coupons,deals,discounts,local,shopping, LocalDeal pulls data from multiple deal sites around the country to deliver up-to-date daily deals. Users can subscribe to an email that contains all of the best deals in their city or search the site for deals available in a specified area.   Daily Deal offers an API that allows developers to incorporate their deals into their own applications. Deals are targeted to fit audience and location. API documentation is available by request.
Courier delivery service Shipping Australia,ireland,newzealand,shipping,southafrica, Fastway provides local, short-haul, and national courier services in key regional and metropolitan locations in Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, Northern Ireland, and South Africa. Fastway&#039;s RESTful API allows third-party developers to integrate with its systems using both public and restricted methods. The public API methods allow users to determine the cost to ship goods between two locations and to track goods in transit. Restricted methods provide access to additional information and functionality. Developers can request access to these methods by email.
Norway open government data Government Data,datasets,government,norway,reference,Repository, Datahotell is a data repository for public institutions in Norway. Datahotell is part of the data.norge.no open government data project of Norway. Any data uploaded to Datahotell is available through data.norge.no as well as through the Datahotell API. This is a RESTful API which returns responses in XML, JSON, and CSV. The site and documentation are in Norwegian.
Scientific publication repository and research service Science research,science,search, The service provides a citation database with references to scientific papers and other publications. It serves the needs of researchers to find published sources on topics and by authors of interest to them. The site collects citations, shares them across scientific communities, and provides for reviews of findings by other researchers.  API methods support search against the citation database for term or author name matches in references to papers from scientific journals and conference presentations. Methods also support generation of bibliography listings.
Store and share files online Storage deadpool,sharing,social,storage, The Wuala API allows you to store, backup and share your files online. You can also share those files with whomever you choose.
Photo album retrieval service Photos photo, The Mar-a-Lago Club is a private club owned by Donald Trump. It is located in Palm Beach, Florida. The club website hosts a photo album, which can be accessed programmatically using the Photo Album API. This API enables users to load all or some of the images from the photo album onto their own websites by using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
Online shopping cart service Shopping sbweb,shopping,webhooks, Shopify is an shopping cart system used in e-commerce. All API usage happens through Shopify applications; shop owners can create applications for themselves through their own admin. Developers are given functionality across articles, assets, cutsomers, events and more. The API uses a RESTful interface and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Google custom search management Search search, From their site: You can now exploit the full power of your ideas to dynamically generate Custom Search Engines. You host the CSE specification on your web site and include the url for this specification in your CSE search request. Google retrieves the CSE specification from your website when your user searches in the CSE.
VoIP services provider Telephony phone,telephony,termination,VoIP, EuroIAX is a VoIP services provider offering global A-Z VoIP termination for ITSPs and corporate customers. The EuroIAX API allows customer applications to trigger and control calls between parties, and to send digitally recorded messages. This REST API returns JSON formatted responses.
Unified social login/single sign on Social login,signin,social, SLI.js (pronounced SLY-J-S) is a simple, drop-in javascript that creates social signin/social login in one easy step.  The tool is free to use and requires no registration.  All you have to do is drop in the javascript into your page and add a link that a user clicks on to open the dialog box for users to use to log in to your site.  Once they sign in with their social signins (facebook, linkedin, google, yahoo, etc), the javascript will send back two objects that you can reuse for your own code.  The first object is the details on the user (name, email, etc) and the second object is their list of contacts for use in addressbook applications and the likes.  This tool implements oauth across multiple services for you.
Mobile. Music. Money. Sell digital media to over 200 million mobile phones from any application, widget or website. Music mobile,music,ringtones,search,WAP, Hundreds of developers and website owners are making money through Thumbplay&#039;s OPEN network. Thumbplay is the fastest-growing and largest mobile entertainment company in the US, offering ringtones, videos, games and graphics to over 200 mobile phone users across all major carriers. We offer free and open access to our entire catalog of mobile content via REST APIs, XML feeds and dynamic landing pages.
Academic citation database Reference education,reference, From their site: Search the largest abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature and quality web sources. Include Scopus content in your website, perhaps to broadcast your own organization&#039;s researchers. You can access more than 33 million continuously updated records.
Social music playback integration Music deadpool,music,radio,social, This API&#039;s functionality included as part of the Rdio API. Please view profile at http://www.programmableweb.com/api/rdio  Choose the music you want to play and listen as much as you want a?? from the web or your phone, even when youa??re offline. Find new music by following what your friends are listening to. No ads.  The Web Playback API is based on an Adobe Flash file (SWF) and Javascript, and allows developers to incorporate the playback of licensed Rdio music into their web applications. Full length songs are available to Rdio subscribers and trial users; non-users will be able to hear previews of the songs.
Business information and analytics Reference enerprise,reference, Thomson Reuters Knowledge Direct API to easily integrate content and analytics only available from Thomson Reuters with your own proprietary information to accelerate your knowledge gathering across peers, industries and markets. With it you can gain access to information ranging from equity prices to real-time news and detailed company information.    Use the API to: Gather competitive intelligence on your peers and partners; Identify key events affecting company performance; Stay ahead of market trends with real-time news and comprehensive market data; Leverage charting and analytical tools to help you examine stock prices, bonds, currencies and commodities; Manage your costs by only paying for the data you need.   Technical details not publicly available.
Online retail shopping Shopping ecommerce,retail,shopping, With the Shopping.com API you can integrate relevant product content with the deepest product catalog available online. Add millions of unique products and merchant offers to your site. Shopping.com, an eBay company, is the world???s online comparison shopping service leader. It&#039;s global websites (Shopping.com, DealTime, and DoorOne) carry one of the world???s largest product catalogs and offers from more than 6000 merchants.  The Shopping.com XML API uses a RESTful interface and can be used to feature dynamic Shopping.com content on your web pages. It offers capabilities such as keyword search, refining and sorting search results, finding product reviews, reading product specs, comparing products and prices from different merchants and controlling the number of results and navigating between pages.
Employment Education and Testing Service Education certification,credential,education,employment,testing, BrainMeasures is a testing and certification service that helps employers screen to hire the best candidates and for users to take developer and other certifications to further their professional credentials. The BrainMeasures API allows for the integration of some testing and screen services into third-party applications. BrainMeasures offers technicians, at no additional cost, to aid in the integration and upkeep of its API. An account is required with service. 
File sharing and publishing service File Sharing file-sharing,storage, Ge.tt is a file sharing and publishing platform. Users can access up to 2 GB of storage for free. Users can use Ge.tt to share files and publish their files online.  The Ge.tt API allows developers to access the functionality of Ge.tt to create other applications. Some example API methods include uploading files, accessing other files, and manage files. Ge.tt also offers a live API that allows for real-time sharing.
Mobile shopping application  Shopping barcode,coupons,product,retail,shopping,wallet, ShopSavvy is a mobile shopping application. ShopSavvy provides a barcode scanner feature, offers deals and coupons, and a mobile wallet for payment at retailers.  The ShopSavvy API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ShopSavvy with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should inquire about API access here: https://spur.wufoo.com/forms/shopsavvy-sdk-api-licensing/.
Customizable music player Music music, From their site: Access Winamp&#039;s functionality through external applications. If any of you wanted to build a can opener that ran Winamp, you would need the information provided here. API functions and other code snippets are available in the C/C++ programming language.
Toll-free number service Telephony telephony, Freedom800 is a cloud-based provider of toll-free numbers. The service is designed to help users create a professional image for their business without having to purchase an additional phone line. Freedom800 provides customizations for their service, such as changing automated greetings based on the time of day, allowing callers to enter information via keypad, providing confirmation numbers to callers who leave voicemail messages, and more.  Freedom800 provides a SOAP API for integration purposes. No public documentation is currently available for the API.
Interest Graph data and content filtering Search Filter,graph,interest,personalize,recommend, Primal generates Interest Graphs and uses them to find, filter and rank content.  Our cloud-based data service creates rich user-specific interest graphs. Primal then aggregates and filters Web content from any online source using your individual interest graphs. Clients can utilize Primal&#039;s recommended collections of content sources or define their own custom sources.  Calls to the Data API are formatted as a simple URLs that describes a topic.  Our JSON or RSS response makes it easy to integrate Primal&#039;s interest networks into your new and existing applications.  Primal can be used for personalization, aggregating and filtering content, finding and ranking content on semantic relevance, generating interest graphs, and many other use cases related to utilizing interest graphs.
Your Mapper news organization aims to be the most effective platform for bringing your community high quality, local data on maps. Your Mapper is eats its own dogfood: it was built entirely using its own API.  null crime,local,mapping,news,restaurant, Your Mapper news organization aims to be the most effective platform for bringing your community high quality, local data on maps. Your Mapper is eats its own dogfood: it was built entirely using its own API. 
Integrated accounting, inventory, and order management software Enterprise accounting,cloud,enterprise,Inventory,orders, AccountingSuite integrates accounting, inventory, and order management into a single cloud application. The AccountingSuite API provides a RESTful interface for developers to integrate the AccountingSuite platform. Exposed objects include customers, items, cash sales, sales invoices, and cash receipts. 
Content management web software Backend backend,cms,content, Prismic.io is API-driven web software supporting content management within any type of website or app. The prismic.io API allows developers to query and manipulate their content through a REST interface. The API supports predicate-based queries, and returns either JSON or HTML formatted responses.
IP address geolocation service Internet geolocation,internet,IP,tools, Tarya Technologies is a UK-based web development and programming company. On their website, they provide a handful of simple SOAP APIs that, as of this writing, are free to use. One of these is the IP2Country API, which allows developers to identify a visitor&#039;s country of origin based on their IP address.
Image moderation service Photos Filter,image,moderation,photo,utility, The WebPurify Image Moderation Web Service allows you to integrate live moderators into your application. WebPurify moderates hundreds of thousands of images daily. Our service provides an easy to use API to quickly moderate your images based on either our standard criteria or your custom criteria. You will no longer have to spend valuable time maintaining a CMS or moderating images for your application.
Trucking and shipping services Shipping shipping,trucking, AAA Cooper Transportation (ACT) is a trucking firm serving 12 southeastern states and Puerto Rico plus the industrial areas of Chicago, Cincinnati, Louisville and Minneapolis. ACT has 81 terminals in the Southeast to allow customers to receive next day and two day service between points. ACT offers a suite of SOAP APIs that allows developers to access transit data. The services are described below:  * The Rate Estimate Web Service provides a way for developers to pass a token number and in return receive a Rate Estimate and other output for use in a client-side or local program.  * The Document Search Web Service provides a way for developers to pass a number of criteria programmatically and in return receive a Document details and other output for use in a client-side or local program.   * The Tracking Result Web Service provides a way for developers to pass a PRO number and in return receive tracking details of that PRO which can be used in a client-side or local program.   * The Transit Time Result Web Service provides a way for developers to pass a number of criteria programmatically and in return receive Transit Time details which can used in a client-side or local program.  Documentation to the API is not publicly available but developers can view documentation upon registration which is free.
PDF to e-Paper conversion services Tools conversion,pdf,publishing,tools, Yumpu provides document conversion and publishing services, allowing organizations of all types to turn PDF documents into web optimized e-Papers. The Yumpu Document API provides a RESTful interface for managing documents, collections, and conversions.
Travel industry transaction processing service Travel booking,flight,travel, Sabre Travel Network connects travel buyers and sellers through the world???s largest travel marketplace, the Sabre global distribution system (GDS). Sabre links more than 55,000 travel agency locations with more than 400 airlines, 88,000 hotels, 24 car rental brands, 13 cruise lines  Sabre web services provide access to the Sabre system functionality and products. Through the Internet, users can integrate Sabre products and services for selling travel with their own applications and databases. Web services let developers build or update a customized booking application for their website or use Sabre content within another application. The services use SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML. Full documentation is not publicly available.
Content linking services Social internet,recommendations,social, Use the Directed Edge API to locate connections among a collection of items. With Directed Edge, you can help your users find interesting information, good music, cool people, and exciting events. If you run an online store, Directed Edge has a recommendation engine that can help you sell more products. If you have an information site, Directed Edge can help make navigation easier. Use the API to get a dump of all items in the database, including links and tags for each item. Or get 20 related items, sorted by relevance.
Blogging platform Blogging blogging,cms,social, WordPress.org is home of the installable version of WordPress. The WordPress.org API provides a series of call exposing various informational assets and tools. Available resources include stats on systems running WordPress and contributor information. Tools include a secret key generator and access to WordPress plugins and themes.
Platform to run Android applications in browsers Backend android,applications,baas,backend,BROWSER,internet, AppSurfer is a platform that allows Android applications to run in internet browsers on all devices and in applications, such as Facebook. Application developers and publishers can use AppSurfer to enable their applications to run on browsers and in applications.  AppSurfer&#039;s API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AppSurfer with other applications and to create applications. Some example API methods include creating applications, managing applications, embedding widgets, and installing AppSurfer buttons. 
Find out who hosts a web site Internet internet,whois, The Who Is Hosting This API is a tool that lets you find out who is hosting any web site. The API returns similar data for use on external sites. To use the API, it&#039;s just four lines of code. Send an email to the address provided to get more information about the API and to start using it.
Real-Time Updates from Facebook Social deadpool,realtime,social,webhooks, The Facebook Real-Time Updates API allows developers to create applications that respond to real-time data updates from Facebook subscriptions. Objects that can be subscribed to are: user, permissions, page. 
Semantic tagging webservice Tagging semantic,tagging, The OpenDover API is a webservice which tags user documents based on sentiments found within the document. OpenDover is a webservice that allows users to extract the next generation semantic features within blogs, content management systems, websites or other numerous applications. The OpenDover API can handle different ways of sentiment tagging, depending on what your needs are, or what the content is that you provide via the API. OpenDover API is exposed to the public as SOAP-based web service and RESTful web service with JSON and XML response. 
R??sum?? document processing and formatting service Enterprise enterprise,HR,jobs,resume, The service provides a processing routing for r??sum?? documents submitted by job seekers, structuring the content for integration with HR and recruiting applications. It extracts unstructured text and breaks it down to standard fields for processing and tracking job applicants. Without additional human effort to copy and paste into database forms, this processing enables both automated data capture and advanced search against selected fields.  API methods support parsing of text from submitted document  files or from URLs supplied by applicants. Methods also allow application status checks and retrieval of job seeker records based on submitted criteria.
Mobile app rankings and analytics for developers Backend analytics,backend,development,mobile,ranking, Pretzil is a website, API, and mobile application suite that leverages its cloud-based database to connect smartphone users with mobile apps. The Pretzil API enables developers to ping Pretzil data describing when, where, and on what device their app is used. Pretzil uses this data to enrich their app rankings and provide developers with increased exposure and analytics.
Create custom cards from photos Photos photo, The Touchnote API lets any website that hosts images use to integrate a print-on-demand facility for postcards into their offering. It also lets developers make money by getting paid a share of every card that uses one of their images: 10% of revenue (revenue is all the money that they get paid by the customer for the postcards minus tax). And an introductory offer gives 30% of revenue until March 32, 2010.
Twitter sketching tool Social social,tools,Twitter, Penolo is a tool for you to create sketches and share them on Twitter. The Penolo REST API currently supports a limited number of read-only features: getting sketches by tag, by person, all sketches, or details for a specific sketch. Sketch results are paginated and returned in XML or JSON.
British Science Museum data and services Education museums,reference,science,uk, Use the Science Museum APIs to access pledge information and a list of exhibitions and galleries, both current and historical. The Pledges API was developed for the Science Museum exhibition, Does flying cost the Earth? In the exhibition, visitors made pledges, and some also entered demographic data. Use the Pledges API to access this pledge data. The Countries API is used by the Pledges API for reference purposes. The Exhibitions API lists exhibitions and galleries at the Science Museum, both current and those from the past.
Chinese social networking site Social china,social, The Manyou API lets users call the specified MYOP UCenter Home Users Web site data, including authentication, user data, friend relationships, application usage and more. This data can be used by developers to integrate their applications with the UCenter Home Users Web site and communicate with the application server to achieve a series of user-based, behavior and function of complex interpersonal relationships. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML, JSON and PHP. The site and documentation are in Chinese.
Blog and feed search service Blog Search blog,deadpool,search, As of 6/25/2008 it appears that this api is no longer available. From their site: Blogwise is a site about developing a portal to blogs around the world, efficiently, quickly and nicely. This API is provided to allow blog hosts and platform developers to submit multiple blogs via an automated scripting process.
Book review application Entertainment books,entertainment,reviews, iDreamBooks is a service that aggregates book critic reviews. Users can search for books by title, author, ISBN, and genre to retrieve book information and review information.   The iDreamBooks API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of iDreamBooks with other applications. Some example API methods include searching for books, retrieving book information, and retrieving reviews and ratings.
Emotional profiling tool  Tools health,monitoring,tools, Emoome is an emotional profiling tool. Users input words, feelings, and events at the appa??s prompting a few times a day. The app will chart, color-code, and create a timeline of the variety of emotions it interprets. The RESTful API provides developers and users access to all of their personal data stored in the system. The API uses a variety of formats, including, JSON, XML, and PHP.
Real-time semantic bookmarking via Twitter Bookmarks bookmarks,semantic,Twitter, hbookmark is a way to archive and sort links via twitter. The purpose of the hbookmark API is to expose hbookmark&#039;s functionalities through HTTP-based GET requests. The API supports the following requests to retrieve and search bookmarks than have been tagged &quot;#bm&quot; on twitter: bookmarks, tagged, tags, search, bookmarkedby. Responses are formatted in JSON.
Domain registration service Internet domain,internet, This API lets users sell traffic-driving, high-demand domain name registrations, private registrations and unique software and services from within their Web site. It is part of the API  Reseller Solution from Go Daddy which lets users: * Merchandize and sell domain names, private registrations, and site traffic tools. * Add profitability to the user site by picking the products, set the prices and maintains control. * Maintain its own unique branding.  Full documentation for the API is only available after purchase.
Mugshot keeps track of what you and your friends are doing on the web in one easy location.  Includes a free desktop client and embed for third party sites.  Supports all the major social media services with more being added every day. null deadpool,messaging,music,photo,social, Mugshot keeps track of what you and your friends are doing on the web in one easy location.  Includes a free desktop client and embed for third party sites.  Supports all the major social media services with more being added every day.
Hotel booking service Travel booking,hotel,travel, HotelClub is a global accommodation website that offers over 74,000 accommodation options in 141 countries. HotelClub members earn rewards on every booking which can then be redeemed on hotel stays. Members move up in status as they make more bookings, increasing their benefits as they do so. HotelClub&#039;s services are available in 19 currencies and 15 languages.  The HotelClub API retrieves information from the site, including a list of all hotels in its database and the images and information associated with them. Users can also retrieve information on promotional offers and cities favored by HotelClub.
Real-time push notifications and messaging service Internet deadpool,javascript,push,realtime,silverlight, Kwwika is a real-time push notification, messaging and data distribution service that lets you instantly push information to, and receive information from, any device connected to the Internet. Kwwika works with any web-enabled device - from a desktop computer to a refrigerator, a smartphone to a games console, a satelite to a television.  Kwwika provides you with everything you need to communicate in real-time in solutions such as a real-time messaging application, real-time push application, real-time API, cross platform multiplayer games service or anything else you can think of. We provide the infrastructure and the client APIs so that you can concerntrate on realising your application or solution.
Real-time weather application Weather forecast,meteorology,realtime,weather, Minutely by Ourcast is a weather application. Minutely aims to provide weather information in real-time, minute by minute. Users can customize their Minutely app by locations and types of weather.  The Minutely API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Minutely with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact info@ourcast.com for API access. 
Blog and RSS feed reader Blogging blog,blogging,feeds,rss, feedly is an RSS, blog-feed reader. feedly allows users to aggregate and track all of the blogs and RSS feeds they want to follow in one application (for web, mobile, and tablet).   The feedly API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of feedly with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving RSS subscriptions. managing categories of RSS feeds, and managing user information. 
On-demand service offering management infrastructure and community building tools for API providers. Uses the Amazon S3 and EC2 APIs as part of their infrastructure. null hosting,mashups,storage, On-demand service offering management infrastructure and community building tools for API providers. Uses the Amazon S3 and EC2 APIs as part of their infrastructure.
Statistical soccer data service Sports europe,livescore,scores,soccer,sports,statistics, XMLSOCCER.com is a web service that collects soccer data and makes the information available in XML to subscribers of the service. All functionality in the web service requires a unique API key (free after registering)  The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
Social network and social feed service Social feeds,network,social, App.net is a real-time social network and social feed without any advertising. Users of App.net get to control their own data.  The App.net API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of App.net with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, creating content, and accessing content feeds. 
Provides operating hours for world securities exchanges Financial finance,money,stocks, The XigniteExchanges API lets you find the business operating hours for securities exchanges around the world. You can search by holidays, trading days, trading hours, and more.
Online retailer Shopping shopping, What was formerly the ECS - eCommerce Service - has been renamed the Product Advertising API. Through this API developers can retrieve product information. The API exposes Amazon&#039;s product data and e-commerce functionality. This allows developers, web site publishers and others to leverage the Amazon Product Discovery features that Amazon uses to power its own business, and potentially make money as an Amazon affiliate. Additionally, the API has features allowing developers to advertise proucts, let users search for Amazon products and help users discover Amazon products. Both REST and SOAP APIs are provided, this profile is for the REST API.
Microfinance Database Search Financial finance,microfinance, myAzimia.org offers a Peer2Peer microfinance software solution, including full PayPal integration, loan management, multiple currencies, customer database management, and investor social networking. The myAzimia.org API allows access to the myAzimia.org database in order to display myAzimia.org data on external websites; data in the database cannot be updated/edited with the API. 
Mobile app connection and capability sharing service Backend application,backend,enterprise,mobile, The Good Dynamics Shared Services Framework is a set of APIs that allows applications on the same device to securely interact and share capabilities such as printing, emailing, and file sharing. This allows mobile workers to complete complex tasks securely without having to constantly switch between applications. The Shared Services Framework can also be used to create unique services (e.g. connecting services for popular CRMs) for other apps to use.
Weather forecasting service Weather forecast,weather, Previmeteo is a weather forecasting service. The site offers local and regional forecasts, weather maps, satellite images, a weather dashboard widget, XML data, weather alerts by SMS, fax or emails and more. The API gives users an alternative to the since deprecated Google Weather API. It offers the same functionality as the Google Weather API but connects to the Previmeteo weather forecasting service. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
World of Warcraft community Games games,social,warcraft, Blizzard is a developer and publisher of entertainment software including World of Warcraft (WoW). Blizzard allows their community of gamers to create extended communities outside of the game by exposing key sets of data. The Blizzard Community Platform API provides a number of resources for developers and Wow enthusiasts to gather data about their characters, guilds and arena teams. Users can also retrieve information about realms, gather data on current auctions and items. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
Captcha Solving Service Tools captcha,code,russia,security,tools, CaptchaBot is a Captcha solving service that automatically deciphers the image.  The services uses analyst around the world who view and decipher images in an average of 5-14 seconds.  The Captchabot API includes calls to Analyze captchas, report an incorrectly recognized image, check account balances of both funding and usage limits, and other calls. An account is required with service. 
Australian Business Number look-up service Government Australia,business,government,reference, ABN Lookup is the public view of the Australian Business Register (ABR). It provides access to the publicly available information supplied by businesses when they register for an Australian Business Number (ABN). The most efficient way to search for a business is by ABN, ACN, ARBN, or ARSN. Searching by name will generally return multiple results ordered by relevance. The advanced search functions can be used to refine the results returned by a name search.  This service is available on the website, but can also be accessed programmatically using a SOAP API.
Fitness Tracking Tools Sports health,sports, Fitbit is a website that offers tools for users to track their personal data, such as weight, activity, total sleep, etc. Fitbit also offers an API for developers to use to create tools and application that access Fitbit services and data. Users can then authenticate an external website/application to use their Fitbit data, and use the external application to push data to Fitbit. The API is still being developed.
Thesaurus of related concepts Reference metadata,reference,Thesaurus, The SKOS (Simple Knowledge Organization System) Thesaurus API provided by Oak Ridge National Laboratory is a tool for organizing knowledge and concept relationships. Users can provide a concept and then retrieve other concepts that relate to it. This API can be accessed via SOAP calls using the XML data format.
Symantic text analysis service Tools analytics,semantic,tools, Syllabs develops technologies for semantic analysis of text content. The Syllabs API, lets developers integrate the functionality of the semantic analysis platform in their own web site or application. The API currently offers the following functionality:  Language detection: the API can automatically identify the language and encoding of your text. Information extraction: the API can extract key terms and ???named entities??? (people, places???) from your text, that you can use to add semantic tags to your content. Related keywords: Starting with one or more terms, the API can generate a set of related keywords, that you can use to link to similar topics.   The Syllabs API is currently available to select partners as part of a private beta program. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
Online file manager Storage cloud,downloads,file,manager,storage,upload, UploadHero is an online file manager and storage service. UploadHero exposes its file management capabilities through an API. The API allows 3rd party applications to upload, delete, or rename files, access file or account details, and more. The API accepts HTTP GET/POST calls and supports methods for guests and registered users. 
Database of French and World local businesses Retail address,business,local,menu,restaurant,retail, Local Diffusion, a leading provider of local businessesa?? contents (opening hours, menus, special offers, pictures...), has a free API that enables publishers to implements thousands of local businessesa?? data over major cities in France. Thus, publishers can integrate contents such as menus or special offers directly into their framework to improve user experience, increase key digital metrics and to avoid their users to leave their website to go to competitors.  The API allows applications to search for businesses by ID number or address, and to retrieve addresses, contact information, business hours, related services, accepted payment methods,  menus and much more... Visit www.localdiffusion.fr to find out more a?? or email LD directly at contact@localdiffusion.fr 
Music content service Music music, EMI Music is a music company that manages, represents, and produces music. Music artists from around the world are represented on EMI Music labels.  The EMI Music API (through a partnership with Echo Nest) allows developers to access and integrate music content from EMI Music with other applications and to create new applications. The API is organized into different sandboxes for access to a variety of music content, by music artists, artwork, videos, photos, genres, songs, or a various collection.
Men&#039;s Collegiate Lacrosse Association information service Sports sports,widgets, The MCLA (Men&#039;s Collegiate Lacrosse Association) is the United States&#039; organization for non-varsity college lacrosse programs. The MCLA website offers two APIs: the Expert API and the Widget API. The Expert API allows developers who have obtained the MCLA Board&#039;s approval to access rosters, schedules, final game scores, and player statistics. The Widget API allows developers to quickly post information on upcoming games, standings, team schedules, and teams rosters to their website using JavaScript.
Australia and New Zealand activity booking service Events Australia,events,newzealand,travel, GoDo is an activity booking service for Australia and New Zealand. Site visitors can choose from over 2000 activities such as cooking classes, tours, sky diving, and kayaking. Activities are sorted by category, sub-category, price, and region, making it easier for users to browse or search for their preferred activity. Developers can retrieve information on GoDo&#039;s offerings programmatically via SOAP API.
Local user reviews and city guides Recommendations deadpool,recommendations, From their site: Find the best of local using reviews and ratings written by people just like you. Create a network of friends you can trust. Share your local knowledge and start reviewing today. London and vicinity.
Music streaming service Music music,social, Subsonic is a free music streamer that allows users to access and manage their music from anywhere.   The Subsonic API allows developers to build their own applications using Subsonic. These applications can be built for online platforms, desktop platforms, or mobile devices. With the API, users can search for music, access and create music playlists, stream music, access cover art, and retrieve random songs based on various criteria.
Security monitoring provider Security monitoring,security, Digital Monitoring Products (DMP) is a provider of security and fire alarm products. They specialize in network solutions for centralized security monitoring in applications of all sizes. DMP offers an API for use by security system dealers and Central Stations. With the API, developers can build systems that allow users to interact with the service through their mobile devices or web applications. Developers can also use the API to custom brand their own applications. Full documentation is not publicly available. The API is available at no charge to dealers who subscribe to the SecureCom cellular service.
Web application building service Backend application,backend, Meteor is a service that allows users to build web applications. Some features of Meteor include application interoperability, data synchronization, and live page updates.  The Meteor API allows developers to access the functionality of Meteor to build new applications. Some example API methods include content publishing, managing accounts, and managing sessions.
Web site analytics Internet internet,statistics, From their site: The Clicky API allows you to extract a wide range of data from your web site traffic to analyze, store, manipulate, or display within your own web site or application. Nearly every piece of data that you see using our web site, you can also access via the API.  The API accepts requests via standard HTTP GET, and can respond with XML, JSON (JavaScript), or PHP.
Internet web site metrics and analytics Internet internet,statistics, From their site: Compete SnapShot provides information for every site on the internet including site traffic history and competitive analytics a list of available promotional codes across thousands of online retailers and site-specific trust scores based on up-to-the-minute data from Compete and third party security services. Your site or application can display some of Competes most powerful data by using the Compete SnapShot API.
Flight Compensation Service Travel airline,claims,compensation,flights, Claim4Flights is an English service that helps travelers who have delayed, cancelled, or rerouted flights receive compensation under EU law (EU261).  The site advocates for travelers and only takes compensation if the claim is approved.  The Claim4Flights API isn&#039;t public yet, but interested developers should email claimteam@claim4flights.com.
Job search services Job Search deadpool,jobs, From their site: The JobCentral XML API can provide free and easy job content to websites without the need to bulk up on servers or develop search technology. JobCentral&#039;s API will run in the background providing search and job content seamlessly through the partner&#039;s domain. JobCentral&#039;s feed contains original jobs, no spam, no duplicates, only current openings, and direct application connections for jobs seekers to the corporate Applicant Tracking Systems. Sites will have the flexibility to geo-target for local jobs, military crosswalk capabilities are available and much more.
Social media optimization service Social business,marketing,Optimization,social, Socialyzer is a social media optimization service. It offers powerful user analysis tools to improve clientsa?? engagement campaigns more effectively. Marketers and social media coordinators can use Socialyzer to automate tweets, posts, and more, at moments of optimum audience engagement. The Socialyzer API exposes the servicea??s entire functionality, allowing businesses to integrate their social media accounts with Socialyzera??s functions. It is a RESTful API that return JSON-encoded data.
German fantasy soccer league service Sports germany,soccer,sports, Comunio is a fantasy European football / soccer service that lets users create and manage their own Bundesliga teams and leagues with their friends. Bundesliga is a professional German football league. Comunio site members can manage their teams&#039; line-ups, tactics, and transfers. Although much of the website is available in many languages, some parts of the site (e.g. news) are only available in German.
Workflow sharing services Reference science,social, Use the myExperiment API to view workflows that others have published, so that you do not need to reinvent a process. The myExperiment site is where scientists safely publish their workflows, sharing or viewing them. Workflows or other digital objects (or Packs) can be swapped, sorted and searched like Web photos and videos. The myexperiment.org social site appeared in November 2007 with support for sharing Taverna workflows and has grown a lot. The users are typically in the life sciences, but chemists, social statisticians, and music professionals also use it.
IP lookup Internet internet,IP, Hostip.info is a community-based project to geolocate IP addresses, making the database freely available but it needs you to put in your city to make it work. Available as a Firefox plug-in, or embeddable in your website.
Microsoft online mapping service Mapping display,mapping,places,viewer, The Microsoft Bing Maps API is the re-branded name for the Microsoft Virtual Earth API and Virtual Earth SDK. It features an AJAX map control. Use Bing Maps to build maps which can include routes and traffic info. Gives developers the ability to code the controls, shapes, and layers of the maps, and can summon the birds-eye, 3D, and aerial imagery. For commercial applications there is a SOAP-based Web Service also provides access to the Bing maps and geospatial features. 
Social networking login service Security authentication,OpenID,security,social,tools, Janrain Engage (formerly RPX) is a service that allows customers to add social networking logins to their websites and applications, using a single login for their website.  The Janrain Engage API allows developers to access and integrate Janrain Engage functionality into other sites and applications. Some example API methods include retrieving user data, managing account information, and accessing analytic data.
Application backend and building service Backend application,baas,backend,mobile, Xamarin is a web and mobile application building platform. Xamarin allows developers to build and manage cross-platform applications.   The Xamarin API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Xamarin with other applications and to build applications. API methods include managing applications, retrieving application data, and pushing content. 
Event communication and online survey service Events email,events,quiz,surveys, The service provides tools for communications around events and surveys, with ability to email notifications and requests to provide input via online questionnaires. Other possible applications include customer feedback and market research, qualifying sales leads, and time-sensitive customer communications. Venue directory and RFQ functions also are available.  API methods support blast email communications with address book integration to synchronize mailing list information with back-office systems. Methods also allow posting and data collection of online surveys, with email inviting responses and export of submitted data. 
Local user reviews and city guides Recommendations local,shopping, The Yelp APIs are RESTful APIs and users can retrieve business review and rating, information for a particular geographic region or location.display review information for a particular business, determine accurate neighborhood name information for a particular location, track recent reviews for a particular business, display pictures of highly rated local businesses and of the top reviewers for that business, determine a particular business&#039; review and rating information based on the phone number for that business. The default output is JSON. This output format was chosen due to the availability of JSON parsers in many languages. The Yelp v2.0 API enables access to more relevant search results that more closely match the results on Yelp. It uses a standard and secure authorization protocol (OAuth 1.0a, xAuth).
Developer platform for social games Games deadpool,games,social, From their site: The SGN Developer Platform provides an API for social games that allows developers to plug their games into the SGN Gaming Hub and gain the benefits of mass distribution across our network, up-to-date statistics for all users, and greater user loyalty.
Search engine optimization services Internet advertising,search,SEO,tools,utility, The Wordpot.com API provides functions for generating keywords based on a search word or domain name. It will tell you the number of searches being done for a word on the Internet and provide suggestions on similar words. The API provides direct access to the Wordpot database so you can use Wordpot keyword data in your app.
Celebrity photo library Photos celebrity,photo, ImageCollect is a celebrity photo marketplace. Users can access over 4.4 million photos on a subscription basis.  The ImageCollect API allows developers to access content and data from ImageCollect to create other applications. Some example API methods include searching the library by celebrity, downloading image URLs, and retrieving the most recent celebrity pictures and popular celebrity photos. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.  
Augmented reality and location-based service Tools augmented-reality,geolocation,location,places, NakdReality is a new location search service which allows anyone to quickly create their own location-based or augmented-reality search, without having to hire specialist developers. We offer a point-of-interest service which is free with revenue share voucher advertising. In addition to this, it is offering two more advanced location engines: category search, and keyword search.
City-focused photo map service Mapping deadpool,mapping, NearMap is a media company that creates high quality PhotoMaps of cities that are kept current via monthly updates. Changes over time can be observed using the TimeView function. Locations can be viewed from the side when the viewer is zoomed in to building-level detail.  The NearMap JavaScript API provides a way for web developers to embed NearMap in any web page, as well as customize the embedded map and create mash-ups. The NearMap JavaScript API is modeled on the Google Maps API and implements, with certain modifications, a subset of its features.
Real Estate systems connection Real Estate realestate, The Agent Storm API is a Real Estate Management System which is interoperable with the leading real estate systems on the market. API will facilitate import, export and integration with third party apps and sites. The platform will let you syncronize your Agent Storm account via RETS and syndicate your listings automatically to the top real estate web sites and search engines. Agent Storm gives you tools to market your properties online with customizable Property Web Sites, EFlyer Templates and Email List Management. 
SMS text messaging service Messaging deadpool,messaging,mobile,sms, The service provides SMS text messaging to integrate mobile communications with other applications, such as marketing and customer service. It claims global coverage to all devices and across many carriers using a SMPP connection. It also provides SMS short codes and long codes to forward traffic sent to alternative, simplified contact numbers.   API methods support sending SMS text messages for global delivery to specified recipient numbers. Methods also handle inbound SMS messages, including short and long codes to reroute messages. The API allows tracking of messages sent and received with reporting at the level of specific numbers and devices.
E-commerce reputation service Social ecommerce,identity,marketplace,reputation,social, RepStamp allows you to maintain a single online identity across multiple online marketplaces, providing a means of carrying your online reputation across all marketplaces and social platforms.   The RepStamp API provides e-commerce marketplaces with a trusted reputation system and allows their users to leverage their existing online reputation. Integrate reputation widgets and badges into your site or query for reputation scores and social network connections in order to enhance interactions between buyers and sellers. The RepStamp widget is integrated using client side code (Javascript). Reputation and social API queries are sent via HTTP GET and HTTP Post and API responses are supplied in JSON format.
An example use of the Wookmark API to show popular images as a screensaver (with HTML5 fullscreen support). It uses jQuery and the source code is fully documented. null photo,screensaver,visualization, An example use of the Wookmark API to show popular images as a screensaver (with HTML5 fullscreen support). It uses jQuery and the source code is fully documented.
iGoogle gadget that displays price, quote, and fundamentals of one of the latest winners. null finance,Investing,Wealth,widgets, iGoogle gadget that displays price, quote, and fundamentals of one of the latest winners.
Your one stop shop for all of the latest and greatest bLaugh.com comics: most recent list, system tray menu, comic viewer and desktop wallpaper. Windows only. null deadpool,humor, Your one stop shop for all of the latest and greatest bLaugh.com comics: most recent list, system tray menu, comic viewer and desktop wallpaper. Windows only.
Send and receive faxes directly to and from a Google Docs account with InterFAX. Send faxes by simply clicking a bookmarklet; receive faxes directly into your Google Docs folder. Logging on to the InterFAX control panel is not even necessary. null cloud,fax,office, Send and receive faxes directly to and from a Google Docs account with InterFAX. Send faxes by simply clicking a bookmarklet; receive faxes directly into your Google Docs folder. Logging on to the InterFAX control panel is not even necessary.
Web cams around the world on a Google Map. null deadpool,mapping,webcams, Web cams around the world on a Google Map.
A Flash mp3 player that can be added to your iGoogle home page. Get music on your page with this handy jukebox. null flash,jukebox,mp3,music,widgets, A Flash mp3 player that can be added to your iGoogle home page. Get music on your page with this handy jukebox.
PlanZap allows you to make online appointments with only the best customer recommended professionals and businesses across the country! It provides combined and aggregated reviews and ratings for each business! It displays relevant daily deals for each search! Make an appointment now in minutes! null booking,business,deals,professional,ratings,reviews, PlanZap allows you to make online appointments with only the best customer recommended professionals and businesses across the country! It provides combined and aggregated reviews and ratings for each business! It displays relevant daily deals for each search! Make an appointment now in minutes!
Live video streaming from Japan including news, TV, radio and radiation measurements from locations in Japan. null mapping,news,reference,social,video, Live video streaming from Japan including news, TV, radio and radiation measurements from locations in Japan.
Shop on eBay as you chat. eBay searches are displayed on a MSN Virtual Earth Map. Map is syncronized between the two users. Click on items on map to display balloon with more information. null auction,chat,deadpool,mapping,shopping, Shop on eBay as you chat. eBay searches are displayed on a MSN Virtual Earth Map. Map is syncronized between the two users. Click on items on map to display balloon with more information.
Use this service to obtain all the lottery results for the current date. This service is available accross all the US states. Just send the state code and get all the latest results back. null deadpool,lottery,messaging,mobile,sms, Use this service to obtain all the lottery results for the current date. This service is available accross all the US states. Just send the state code and get all the latest results back.
See pictures from Twitter.  null deadpool,microblogging,photo, See pictures from Twitter. 
so audible cloud music player, sync your tracks share with friends upload, quick share embed, html5, ipad, iphone, android, play music anywhere long mixes, meetings, sermons, podcasts, radio null cloud,embed,free,music,Player,soaudible, so audible cloud music player, sync your tracks share with friends upload, quick share embed, html5, ipad, iphone, android, play music anywhere long mixes, meetings, sermons, podcasts, radio
A news aggregator that aggregates popular links from popular social networks. Newzupp continuously crawls through the social networks to pull out the latest stories. The home page is a mashup of such links. null bookmarks,deadpool,news, A news aggregator that aggregates popular links from popular social networks. Newzupp continuously crawls through the social networks to pull out the latest stories. The home page is a mashup of such links.
It is an application designed for people practicing regularly endurance activities they record using a GPS logger. By importing and tagging GPS tracks, users get a clear view of their sport activities both in space (on a map) and time (on a calendar). null gps,mapping,social,sports,tracks, It is an application designed for people practicing regularly endurance activities they record using a GPS logger. By importing and tagging GPS tracks, users get a clear view of their sport activities both in space (on a map) and time (on a calendar).
iKnowIt! is a simple iPhone app that uses the True Knowledge direct answer service API. Just pose a question and its powerful database will search over 500 million records to give you the perfect answer. null mobile,reference,search, iKnowIt! is a simple iPhone app that uses the True Knowledge direct answer service API. Just pose a question and its powerful database will search over 500 million records to give you the perfect answer.
The goal is to make sure that the next Facebook, You Tube, or Myspace, is featured on MyKillerStartup.com before they go big. Vote on the startup you think will be a killer. null bookmarks,deadpool,startups, The goal is to make sure that the next Facebook, You Tube, or Myspace, is featured on MyKillerStartup.com before they go big. Vote on the startup you think will be a killer.
Using the Shoutcast API to show the playlist and server status of the radio station at the universidad nacional abierta y a distancia. null radio,status,streaming, Using the Shoutcast API to show the playlist and server status of the radio station at the universidad nacional abierta y a distancia.
SocialDM (Direct Message) is a simple app that lets you opt-in to recieving emails from people you follow on social sites, such as FriendFeed, that don&#039;t support direct messaging. null deadpool,email,microblogging,social, SocialDM (Direct Message) is a simple app that lets you opt-in to recieving emails from people you follow on social sites, such as FriendFeed, that don&#039;t support direct messaging.
BreweryMap is your guide to finding the best in craft breweries.  Whether youa??re at your computer or on the go, BreweryMap can help you discover a new world of great beer.  With a constantly growing database of over 4,600 breweries and more than 23,000 beers, you can always find something new! null beer,brewery,brewpubs,geo,mapping,travel, BreweryMap is your guide to finding the best in craft breweries.  Whether youa??re at your computer or on the go, BreweryMap can help you discover a new world of great beer.  With a constantly growing database of over 4,600 breweries and more than 23,000 beers, you can always find something new!
Mashup that helps you discover and share GPS tracks and waypoints on the web quickly and easily. null gps,hiking,mapping, Mashup that helps you discover and share GPS tracks and waypoints on the web quickly and easily.
Outlet Note is a great place to find information about outlet stores in the United States. Google Maps (including Directions and Street View) are used to help you better locate a outlet store. null geolocation,shopping, Outlet Note is a great place to find information about outlet stores in the United States. Google Maps (including Directions and Street View) are used to help you better locate a outlet store.
The simplest youtube &quot;radio&quot; or media player. Just type the name of an artist or song or style of music, press Go, and let BlahBlahBleh play you music videos from youtube related to your search.   Like Last.fm or pandora, but lightweight. null music,radio, The simplest youtube &quot;radio&quot; or media player. Just type the name of an artist or song or style of music, press Go, and let BlahBlahBleh play you music videos from youtube related to your search.   Like Last.fm or pandora, but lightweight.
Flash-based interface for searching for rentals and housing. Uses Craigslist and Yahoo Maps. null apartments,craigslist,flash,mapping,realestate, Flash-based interface for searching for rentals and housing. Uses Craigslist and Yahoo Maps.
Distances Calculator is a free web based tool that allows users to easily calculate the distance between any two cities in the USA.  It shows the driving route on a map together with the estimated driving time and the linear distance in miles.  It also displays pictures from Panoramio service for both the origin and destination of your trip, together with weather information for both cities. null calculator,Directions,mapping,photos,tools, Distances Calculator is a free web based tool that allows users to easily calculate the distance between any two cities in the USA.  It shows the driving route on a map together with the estimated driving time and the linear distance in miles.  It also displays pictures from Panoramio service for both the origin and destination of your trip, together with weather information for both cities.
DocuSign is an online electronic signature service. It is integrated with Box.net, so users can send files to be e-signed with DocuSign from within the Box.net environment. null enterprise,esignature,storage, DocuSign is an online electronic signature service. It is integrated with Box.net, so users can send files to be e-signed with DocuSign from within the Box.net environment.
Technorati Search sucks in a Technorati search feed for the query of your choice and hands back a JSON object via Yahoo Pipes, ready to insert inline via the usual methods. With implementation details and source code. null blog,code,pipes,rss,search, Technorati Search sucks in a Technorati search feed for the query of your choice and hands back a JSON object via Yahoo Pipes, ready to insert inline via the usual methods. With implementation details and source code.
Mashup of Joomla, Amazon eCommerce, and NY Times Best Sellers. null books,cms,joomla,news,shopping, Mashup of Joomla, Amazon eCommerce, and NY Times Best Sellers.
Rapid coding and collaboration tool that also integrates directly with the Basecamp task management service. null development,enterprise,project-management,tools, Rapid coding and collaboration tool that also integrates directly with the Basecamp task management service.
This service pulls project details from either Google Code, or GitHub. null OpenSource,widgets, This service pulls project details from either Google Code, or GitHub.
See what tracks are playing on the radio, see artist information, news stories, events, images, biographies and reviews all in real-time to BBC national radio stations. Scrobble tracks to Last.fm or post to Facebook, all in realtime. null artist,bbc,music,radio,realtime, See what tracks are playing on the radio, see artist information, news stories, events, images, biographies and reviews all in real-time to BBC national radio stations. Scrobble tracks to Last.fm or post to Facebook, all in realtime.
Get lots of information about your favorite artists. View album information, find mp3 songs, lyrics, biographies, podcasts, or find a good deal in eBay. You can also rate artists and add comments. null auction,music,shopping,video, Get lots of information about your favorite artists. View album information, find mp3 songs, lyrics, biographies, podcasts, or find a good deal in eBay. You can also rate artists and add comments.
SpotLib is a plugin for Spotify Mobile. It connects to your personal Last.fm music library and streams it via Spotify. null mobile,music,social, SpotLib is a plugin for Spotify Mobile. It connects to your personal Last.fm music library and streams it via Spotify.
Dutch-Belgian Google widget: Bioscoopagenda voor bioscopen en filmhuizen in Nederland en Vlaanderen. Inclusief Top 10 en Premieres. null cinema,dutch,events,netherlands, Dutch-Belgian Google widget: Bioscoopagenda voor bioscopen en filmhuizen in Nederland en Vlaanderen. Inclusief Top 10 en Premieres.
CarSearch is a used, new, certified pre-owned vehicles search site powered by Google Base API. null Base,car,classifieds,google,search,vehicle, CarSearch is a used, new, certified pre-owned vehicles search site powered by Google Base API.
PicWash is a photo retouch service where real designers edit user photos starting at $7 each. We remove acne, whiten teeth, reduce wrinkles, facial shine, and more. Our service is connected to APIs of major photo storage and sharing sites. null photo,retouching, PicWash is a photo retouch service where real designers edit user photos starting at $7 each. We remove acne, whiten teeth, reduce wrinkles, facial shine, and more. Our service is connected to APIs of major photo storage and sharing sites.
Best places near you: Resorts, Hotels, Restaurants, Bars, Clubs, Pubs, Gyms, Playhouses, Salons in Sydney, New York, Singapore, and Philippines. null hotels,nyc,recommendations,Singapore,travel, Best places near you: Resorts, Hotels, Restaurants, Bars, Clubs, Pubs, Gyms, Playhouses, Salons in Sydney, New York, Singapore, and Philippines.
Import of times tracked via mite into the billing tool billomat. null enterprise,finance,invoicing,saas,time-tracking, Import of times tracked via mite into the billing tool billomat.
A price game using Zappos API and Twilio API null crisis,games,price,pricecrisis,shopping, A price game using Zappos API and Twilio API
Real mashup search widget, with Google, Yahoo, Snap Preview and more. null deadpool,search,widgets, Real mashup search widget, with Google, Yahoo, Snap Preview and more.
Bulbul is a smart Twitter bird that lets people get answers to questions on Twitter. Ask any question in plain English to @smartbulbul and it will gives you the perfect answer in minutes!. null deadpool,questions, Bulbul is a smart Twitter bird that lets people get answers to questions on Twitter. Ask any question in plain English to @smartbulbul and it will gives you the perfect answer in minutes!.
A content analysis tool that shows you your keyword density, makes recommendations on new trending keywords to use, and offers up copyright-free images for use in your content.  null analysis,article,content,Optimization,SEO,tools, A content analysis tool that shows you your keyword density, makes recommendations on new trending keywords to use, and offers up copyright-free images for use in your content. 
Compare Prices Discount-Malin.com: Find and Compare prices before you buy. Find the best price by comparing the prices of our partner shops. Each week find promotional offers ranging from - 20% -80%. null compare,comparison,price,reference,search,shopping, Compare Prices Discount-Malin.com: Find and Compare prices before you buy. Find the best price by comparing the prices of our partner shops. Each week find promotional offers ranging from - 20% -80%.
Google map mashup of the services that are open 24-hours in major US cities. Currently covers Seattle, Los Angeles, and New York City. Currently over 2400 locations. null losangeles,mapping,nyc,restaurant,seattle,travel, Google map mashup of the services that are open 24-hours in major US cities. Currently covers Seattle, Los Angeles, and New York City. Currently over 2400 locations.
Social news since 2009 null news,social, Social news since 2009
This is a Google Maps mashup displaying major nuclear and non-military accidents and disasters. null advocacy,deadpool,environment,mapping,news, This is a Google Maps mashup displaying major nuclear and non-military accidents and disasters.
A web-based zero platform call center service that runs &quot;in the cloud&quot;. Anyone can create and serve a call center from an internet-connected browser. null deadpool,telephony, A web-based zero platform call center service that runs &quot;in the cloud&quot;. Anyone can create and serve a call center from an internet-connected browser.
Since 2004, WifiPDX has been Portland&#039;s wireless Internet connection. The new version of the site has updated maps and geolocation options. null mapping,oregon, Since 2004, WifiPDX has been Portland&#039;s wireless Internet connection. The new version of the site has updated maps and geolocation options.
Mapinterest links Pinterest, Instagram and YouTube with Facebook Places.  You follow people on Twitter, on Facebook you follow your friends, on Pinterest you follow topics and on Mapinterest you follow places. null mapping,photo,social, Mapinterest links Pinterest, Instagram and YouTube with Facebook Places.  You follow people on Twitter, on Facebook you follow your friends, on Pinterest you follow topics and on Mapinterest you follow places.
Realtime Twitter search dashboard. Drag and drop categories or search Twitter for virtually any subject and get live results instantly. null microblogging,reference,search,social, Realtime Twitter search dashboard. Drag and drop categories or search Twitter for virtually any subject and get live results instantly.
Site with Bulgarian Properties for sale and rent using Google Maps. null Bulgaria,deadpool,mapping,realestate,rentals, Site with Bulgarian Properties for sale and rent using Google Maps.
Personal Interactive Travel Agent (PITA) provides information about points along a user-determined route. Types of information provided include traffic data, nearby services, and weather forecasts. null local,mapping,travel,weather, Personal Interactive Travel Agent (PITA) provides information about points along a user-determined route. Types of information provided include traffic data, nearby services, and weather forecasts.
Do price comparisons from your cell phone to find prices on the Internet from anywhere. null deadpool,messaging,search,shopping, Do price comparisons from your cell phone to find prices on the Internet from anywhere.
Find classes near you or online. Simply tweet &#039;i want to learn&#039; followed by a subject. We&#039;ll reply with a link to where you can find classes and other information about your subject. null deadpool,education, Find classes near you or online. Simply tweet &#039;i want to learn&#039; followed by a subject. We&#039;ll reply with a link to where you can find classes and other information about your subject.
Using Voicecal, you have immediate access to your  Google calendar just by making a phone call. null business,calendar,telephony, Using Voicecal, you have immediate access to your  Google calendar just by making a phone call.
A sample PHP application using the New York Times Campaign Finance API and the Google Chart API. Shows a campaign finance data for a specific U.S. ZIP code. null charts,government,money,news,php,source, A sample PHP application using the New York Times Campaign Finance API and the Google Chart API. Shows a campaign finance data for a specific U.S. ZIP code.
Multiple destinations-dates wrapper for Kayak flight metasearch engine. null airports,flight,mapping,shopping,travel, Multiple destinations-dates wrapper for Kayak flight metasearch engine.
Online service that lets you issue bulk refunds from your PayPal account. Also, search your transaction history and view transaction details. null payment,Refunds,shopping, Online service that lets you issue bulk refunds from your PayPal account. Also, search your transaction history and view transaction details.
Visualize ProgrammableWeb members on a map. Uses the ProgrammableWeb API to overlay locations from a selection of members who have shared where they live. null mapping, Visualize ProgrammableWeb members on a map. Uses the ProgrammableWeb API to overlay locations from a selection of members who have shared where they live.
Used cars and new car shopping site with extensive use of APIs. Yahoo Map Image is used to get around the https issue with Google Maps. YouTube drives the video search. Users can leave a car review, an article, or a dealer review. null auction,cars,classifieds,mapping,shopping,video, Used cars and new car shopping site with extensive use of APIs. Yahoo Map Image is used to get around the https issue with Google Maps. YouTube drives the video search. Users can leave a car review, an article, or a dealer review.
A cost-effective app to mass notify your team using SMS. It uses your Google Contacts to help you quickly send notifications without the hassle of managing yet another address book of contacts. null contacts,messaging,sms,social, A cost-effective app to mass notify your team using SMS. It uses your Google Contacts to help you quickly send notifications without the hassle of managing yet another address book of contacts.
What is happening in your city. Streetmavens shows feeds of what is happening in your city and allows messaging, conversation. Photos coming soon! null deadpool,local,mapping, What is happening in your city. Streetmavens shows feeds of what is happening in your city and allows messaging, conversation. Photos coming soon!
The official Tourism Dunedin (New Zealand) website using the MenuMania API. Allows site visitors to view and search for restaurants, shopping, nightlife, art, culture, history and find out what is going on in Dunedin.  null news,reference,search, The official Tourism Dunedin (New Zealand) website using the MenuMania API. Allows site visitors to view and search for restaurants, shopping, nightlife, art, culture, history and find out what is going on in Dunedin. 
GeoFeeling geolocates feelings of bloggers on the map, making use of APIs: Google Maps and WeFeelFine  which has been harvesting human emotions from a large number of weblogs: LiveJournal, MSN Spaces, MySpace, Blogger, Technorati, Feedster and Google. null actionscript,bloggers,emotion,feelings,flash,map, GeoFeeling geolocates feelings of bloggers on the map, making use of APIs: Google Maps and WeFeelFine  which has been harvesting human emotions from a large number of weblogs: LiveJournal, MSN Spaces, MySpace, Blogger, Technorati, Feedster and Google.
Discover new artists and music with an app based on Last.fm and YouTube APIs. MusicWall creates a list after you provide an artist&#039;s name and lets you browse similar artists, discover new music, rediscover old music, or even &quot;go classical&quot;. null music,playlists,social,video, Discover new artists and music with an app based on Last.fm and YouTube APIs. MusicWall creates a list after you provide an artist&#039;s name and lets you browse similar artists, discover new music, rediscover old music, or even &quot;go classical&quot;.
Find a local coffee house, burger joint, or sushi place by calling or sending an SMS or IM. Full source code provided. null local,messaging,sms,telephony, Find a local coffee house, burger joint, or sushi place by calling or sending an SMS or IM. Full source code provided.
Tourism network to share hobbies. Users can add points of interest on monuments, restaurants, hotels and other things that are of interest to them. null hobbies,hotels,mapping,restaurant,Tourism,travel, Tourism network to share hobbies. Users can add points of interest on monuments, restaurants, hotels and other things that are of interest to them.
Mashup of Google Maps and YouTube videos. null deadpool,mapping,video, Mashup of Google Maps and YouTube videos.
A mashup of mashups based on jQuery. An information portal using the best API&#039;s out there. null ajax,gov,jquery,news,photo,weather, A mashup of mashups based on jQuery. An information portal using the best API&#039;s out there.
Maps of breweries and bars across the US. With city-specific maps and directories. null boston,chicago,food,sandiego,sanfrancisco, Maps of breweries and bars across the US. With city-specific maps and directories.
BidSwish is a visual interface for eBay auctions. Designed for simplicity it lets you search and see auction listings in animated collage or grid. Double-clicking goes directly to eBay listing. Easy, quick, fun!  null auction,deadpool,flash,search,shopping,visualization, BidSwish is a visual interface for eBay auctions. Designed for simplicity it lets you search and see auction listings in animated collage or grid. Double-clicking goes directly to eBay listing. Easy, quick, fun! 
Follow along as you stream KEXP, tag the songs you like, post comments, send SMS to get current song info from your phone.  As the live KEXP stream plays, the site shows album art, dj and  listener comments, and links to amazon, itunes, and rhapsody. null kexp,music,radio,shopping,sms, Follow along as you stream KEXP, tag the songs you like, post comments, send SMS to get current song info from your phone.  As the live KEXP stream plays, the site shows album art, dj and  listener comments, and links to amazon, itunes, and rhapsody.
The first stock market for buzz-words: words that appear in the news are quoted in real time based on their presence in 3000 news sources based on Yahoo News API. Trendio.com gives an instant picture of what topics are in and which are out. null deadpool,games,news, The first stock market for buzz-words: words that appear in the news are quoted in real time based on their presence in 3000 news sources based on Yahoo News API. Trendio.com gives an instant picture of what topics are in and which are out.
MapAttack is a game of real-time strategy built for real life. Virtual geofences are scattered onto the map and players must physically go to where they are on the map in order to capture them.  null games,gps,location,mapping, MapAttack is a game of real-time strategy built for real life. Virtual geofences are scattered onto the map and players must physically go to where they are on the map in order to capture them. 
Turkish earthquakes with embedded widgets. It uses Google Maps for location display. null deadpool,earthquakes,mapping,science,turkey, Turkish earthquakes with embedded widgets. It uses Google Maps for location display.
Listen to Pandora online radio on your iGoogle page. null music,recommendation,widgets, Listen to Pandora online radio on your iGoogle page.
Mashup showing locations of 200 places mentioned in the Bible. Going for accuracy they try to pinpoint the locations of the ruins of ancient cities instead of using the locations of modern cities with ancient names. null mapping,religion, Mashup showing locations of 200 places mentioned in the Bible. Going for accuracy they try to pinpoint the locations of the ruins of ancient cities instead of using the locations of modern cities with ancient names.
A music discovery tool built on Bandcamp and Last.fm.  Browse through and listen to Bandcamp&#039;s extensive catalog of independent music with intelligent recommendations powered by Last.fm.  For existing Last.fm members, it scrobbles your listens, provides personalized recommendations, and submits your &quot;loved&quot; tracks. null discovery,mp3,music,recommendations, A music discovery tool built on Bandcamp and Last.fm.  Browse through and listen to Bandcamp&#039;s extensive catalog of independent music with intelligent recommendations powered by Last.fm.  For existing Last.fm members, it scrobbles your listens, provides personalized recommendations, and submits your &quot;loved&quot; tracks.
Get notified via SMS when people purchase from your magento powered ecommerce site. Send order status, dispatch and delivery notifications out by SMS. null messaging,sms,text, Get notified via SMS when people purchase from your magento powered ecommerce site. Send order status, dispatch and delivery notifications out by SMS.
Blackberry app for sending printed Enthusem mailers. With Enthusem, you can send personalized printed greeting cards as easily as sending an email. Your printed cards can include a unique website address that links to online content. Blackberry Apps site requires Windows. null deadpool,messaging,mobile,social, Blackberry app for sending printed Enthusem mailers. With Enthusem, you can send personalized printed greeting cards as easily as sending an email. Your printed cards can include a unique website address that links to online content. Blackberry Apps site requires Windows.
Puts Skype Presence icons on a Google Map. From Japan thus can be slow in US. null mapping,messaging, Puts Skype Presence icons on a Google Map. From Japan thus can be slow in US.
IM Whiteboard is an AOL AIM plugin that let you draw simultaneously with any of your buddies. This plugin can be useful to share an idea or have fun with your friends plus you can save your drawings and use them as wallpaper or send them to other people. null graphics,messaging,plugin,social, IM Whiteboard is an AOL AIM plugin that let you draw simultaneously with any of your buddies. This plugin can be useful to share an idea or have fun with your friends plus you can save your drawings and use them as wallpaper or send them to other people.
Germany job search engine. ICjobs uses a new search technology and gathers jobs direct from company sites. It&#039;s NOT a meta search engine. ICjobs does NOT crawl job sites like monster.com. null germany,jobs, Germany job search engine. ICjobs uses a new search technology and gathers jobs direct from company sites. It&#039;s NOT a meta search engine. ICjobs does NOT crawl job sites like monster.com.
Personalized healthy recipes in your inbox. Add items that you love to eat like Chinese, apples, or pancakes, and we&#039;ll email you a healthy recipe each day to make.   null food, Personalized healthy recipes in your inbox. Add items that you love to eat like Chinese, apples, or pancakes, and we&#039;ll email you a healthy recipe each day to make.  
Get a real-time Web sentiment assessment on any current topic. See the issues driving the sentiment in a positive or negative way. Enterprises can get custom reports on specific topics. null enterprise,opinion,reputation,sentiment,social,trends, Get a real-time Web sentiment assessment on any current topic. See the issues driving the sentiment in a positive or negative way. Enterprises can get custom reports on specific topics.
Aa example application built using AOL tools that allows you to browse a friends feeds. AIM ID required. null bookmarks,deadpool,rss, Aa example application built using AOL tools that allows you to browse a friends feeds. AIM ID required.
A money manager reporting dashboard. Built using the Presto JackBe mashup platform and sources are spreadsheets (alternative to database), Groupon API and Oodle API.   null deadpool,reference, A money manager reporting dashboard. Built using the Presto JackBe mashup platform and sources are spreadsheets (alternative to database), Groupon API and Oodle API.  
Allows Box.net users to send files from their Box accounts to Snipshot to be edited, then save them directly back to Box from within Snipshot. null documents,photo,storage, Allows Box.net users to send files from their Box accounts to Snipshot to be edited, then save them directly back to Box from within Snipshot.
Bicicarm is the bike portal of the Regional Province of Murcia. This mashup uses google maps and google maps elevation to display a visual reference of bike routes.  null biking,mapping,social,travel, Bicicarm is the bike portal of the Regional Province of Murcia. This mashup uses google maps and google maps elevation to display a visual reference of bike routes. 
650+ data series from the Federal Reserve, US economic data in a navigable timeline with landmark events. null economy,finance,government,visualization, 650+ data series from the Federal Reserve, US economic data in a navigable timeline with landmark events.
A map of all the baseball stadiums in the US/Canada from Rookie to MLB and Indy too. You can turn on and off the different levels to see only the levels you want to see. null baseball,deadpool,mapping,sports,stadiums, A map of all the baseball stadiums in the US/Canada from Rookie to MLB and Indy too. You can turn on and off the different levels to see only the levels you want to see.
A local restaurant guide providing restaurant ratings, restaurant reviews, restaurant coupons, maps and a huge directory. null food,restaurant,reviews, A local restaurant guide providing restaurant ratings, restaurant reviews, restaurant coupons, maps and a huge directory.
A mashup using Alexa traffic rankings to present Open Directory Project links by popularity using tag clouds. Alexa&#039;s Free Top 1,000,000 Sites file is used for traffic rankings. null internet,ODP,rankings, A mashup using Alexa traffic rankings to present Open Directory Project links by popularity using tag clouds. Alexa&#039;s Free Top 1,000,000 Sites file is used for traffic rankings.
A meta search engine for streaming music services. Search Spotify, Wimp, Youtube, etc for music, all at once! null music,search,streaming, A meta search engine for streaming music services. Search Spotify, Wimp, Youtube, etc for music, all at once!
Query availability of the Napa Valley Wine Train  based on date. Enter the date you plan to visit and the script requests information about that date from the Rezgo XML API, and then formats it. null reservations,tour,trains,wine, Query availability of the Napa Valley Wine Train  based on date. Enter the date you plan to visit and the script requests information about that date from the Rezgo XML API, and then formats it.
Embed video search in your uCoz web page and let your users search for videos and watch ones you&#039;ve selected without leaving your site. null deadpool,internet,video, Embed video search in your uCoz web page and let your users search for videos and watch ones you&#039;ve selected without leaving your site.
Fireisland.com uses the Flickr API to pull images based on submitted tags. We use this system to pull relevant pictures based on Tags that are associated with Fire Island New York a popular New York beach vacation spot. null deadpool,nyc,photo,travel, Fireisland.com uses the Flickr API to pull images based on submitted tags. We use this system to pull relevant pictures based on Tags that are associated with Fire Island New York a popular New York beach vacation spot.
An outbound dialing and transcription service mashup for Christmas called SantaCall.Us using the Tropo phone API. This service allows you to enter a loved one?s phone number and name from the site to have Santa Claus call them to wish them Merry Christmas. If you include your email address in the form, Santa will proceed to ask them for a Christmas wish. Wishes are then transcribed in real time and emailed back to you for shopping ideas.  null christmas,fun,holidays,telephony,Voice, An outbound dialing and transcription service mashup for Christmas called SantaCall.Us using the Tropo phone API. This service allows you to enter a loved one?s phone number and name from the site to have Santa Claus call them to wish them Merry Christmas. If you include your email address in the form, Santa will proceed to ask them for a Christmas wish. Wishes are then transcribed in real time and emailed back to you for shopping ideas. 
Search Yelp.com from your cell phone using SMS, WAP and Email. Simply send us what you are searching for and where. Within a few seconds, you will obtain user recommended results. null food,mobile,search, Search Yelp.com from your cell phone using SMS, WAP and Email. Simply send us what you are searching for and where. Within a few seconds, you will obtain user recommended results.
Android application that uses several APIs to bring to the user all information of his/her favorite musics and artists, including discography, biography, lyrics and where to buy links. null android,lyrics,music,search, Android application that uses several APIs to bring to the user all information of his/her favorite musics and artists, including discography, biography, lyrics and where to buy links.
Overlays of development plans on aerial map images provide a before and after view of a proposed UK winter resort development. This mashup demonstrates how images can be overlaid onto high quality mapping and aerial imagery. null deadpool,mapping,reference,uk, Overlays of development plans on aerial map images provide a before and after view of a proposed UK winter resort development. This mashup demonstrates how images can be overlaid onto high quality mapping and aerial imagery.
Fetches gigs from last.fm directly to your Mac Dashboard. Now location-aware via skyhook and GeoNames. null dashboard,deadpool,mac,mobile,music, Fetches gigs from last.fm directly to your Mac Dashboard. Now location-aware via skyhook and GeoNames.
Google Maps mashup for those wanting to discover new restaurants in a specific area. null food,mapping,restaurant, Google Maps mashup for those wanting to discover new restaurants in a specific area.
Voted on by visitors. The kitchen with the most &#039;Ugly Points&#039; wins. The Grand Prize winner will be selected one month after the date that total number of contest entries reaches 400. null contests,deadpool,telephony, Voted on by visitors. The kitchen with the most &#039;Ugly Points&#039; wins. The Grand Prize winner will be selected one month after the date that total number of contest entries reaches 400.
This mashup allows users to choose from several school districts and see maps of school attendance zones and neighborhood boundaries. null education,gis,local,mapping,school, This mashup allows users to choose from several school districts and see maps of school attendance zones and neighborhood boundaries.
Plot future and past trips on a map. Control trip colours, curves, transport modes. null mapping,travel, Plot future and past trips on a map. Control trip colours, curves, transport modes.
This is a mashup I made to browse my CD collection online. null music, This is a mashup I made to browse my CD collection online.
need a fix? want to fix a device? this app interface pulls thousands of guides for thousands of devices. Easy to follow and easy to search this is a great app for anyone to have in their toolbox.  &quot;this came especially handy when i had to dissassemble my 4+ year old PS3 because it finally died on me but with one of my favorite game dvd disc stuck inside! I also like the step by step pictures that accompany the instructions. I like it very much and the scrolling speed dont matter to me! NICE JOB!!! i&#039;m hoping to see updates and additions.&quot; Quote from customer null device,guides,reference,repair, need a fix? want to fix a device? this app interface pulls thousands of guides for thousands of devices. Easy to follow and easy to search this is a great app for anyone to have in their toolbox.  &quot;this came especially handy when i had to dissassemble my 4+ year old PS3 because it finally died on me but with one of my favorite game dvd disc stuck inside! I also like the step by step pictures that accompany the instructions. I like it very much and the scrolling speed dont matter to me! NICE JOB!!! i&#039;m hoping to see updates and additions.&quot; Quote from customer
Uses the Google Maps APi and a RAC Membership Offer feed to display locations where people can redeem special offers. null coupons,mapping,uk, Uses the Google Maps APi and a RAC Membership Offer feed to display locations where people can redeem special offers.
Google Books takes a couple of search steps to show if an ebook is available for free download in PDF or EPUB format. This app lets you find free eBooks from the Google Books collection in a single step. null amazon,books,ebooks,google,json, Google Books takes a couple of search steps to show if an ebook is available for free download in PDF or EPUB format. This app lets you find free eBooks from the Google Books collection in a single step.
Apartment rental service with reviews by renters for renters. Search by zip code, see pricing reports, and comparison of ratings on noise, parking, safety, etc. null mapping,realestate, Apartment rental service with reviews by renters for renters. Search by zip code, see pricing reports, and comparison of ratings on noise, parking, safety, etc.
Find scuba diving trip reports with Google Maps. null deadpool,mapping,sports, Find scuba diving trip reports with Google Maps.
Real-time geographic visualization for emerging Twitter trends. By analyzing over 5 million tweets per day to visualize trending topics on a global, regional and city level, it identifying news as it happens and tracking its impact around the world. null mapping,microblogging,news,trends, Real-time geographic visualization for emerging Twitter trends. By analyzing over 5 million tweets per day to visualize trending topics on a global, regional and city level, it identifying news as it happens and tracking its impact around the world.
Office??? is an iPad application for editing Microsoft Word and Excel files. Its integration with Box.net allows users to load and save files from Box from within the Office??? interface. null deadpool,ipad,office,storage, Office??? is an iPad application for editing Microsoft Word and Excel files. Its integration with Box.net allows users to load and save files from Box from within the Office??? interface.
The #1 way to get an inaccurate forecast of today&#039;s weather.   null fun,sms,tools,weather, The #1 way to get an inaccurate forecast of today&#039;s weather.  
Rovi What???s On TV for iPad helps you find what you want to watch by simply entering your ZIP code and your service provider information. See local program information and find out about your favorite shows, movies and celebrities.  null reference,search,social, Rovi What???s On TV for iPad helps you find what you want to watch by simply entering your ZIP code and your service provider information. See local program information and find out about your favorite shows, movies and celebrities. 
Emergency response team management and analytics software.  Performs automatic analysis of incidents to look for patterns and trends in response times, injuries encountered and casualty demographics. Features include hotspot cluster mapping to identify areas at higher risk. null mapping,messaging,mobile,reference, Emergency response team management and analytics software.  Performs automatic analysis of incidents to look for patterns and trends in response times, injuries encountered and casualty demographics. Features include hotspot cluster mapping to identify areas at higher risk.
Helps job seekers be better at interviewing. Job seekers can practice doing job interviews, share it with their network and get feedback. null jobs,social,telephony, Helps job seekers be better at interviewing. Job seekers can practice doing job interviews, share it with their network and get feedback.
Social Buzz is a Real-Time Search Engine for Facebook, Twitter and Google+, created by the Social Searcher company. The new tool provides brand new user experience for the internet surfers and useful features for the marketing profs, such as: multiple keywords, exact keywords and minus keywords tool; quick location, content and popularity filtering; deep search results analytics; special three-column layout interface of the search results. null keyword,network,realtime,search,social,tools, Social Buzz is a Real-Time Search Engine for Facebook, Twitter and Google+, created by the Social Searcher company. The new tool provides brand new user experience for the internet surfers and useful features for the marketing profs, such as: multiple keywords, exact keywords and minus keywords tool; quick location, content and popularity filtering; deep search results analytics; special three-column layout interface of the search results.
Search The Web is a mashup that makes searching the Web easier by combining the best search engines convert into one.  null books,news,photo,search,shopping,video, Search The Web is a mashup that makes searching the Web easier by combining the best search engines convert into one. 
EmbedPlus is like YouTube on steroids! More seriously, it&#039;s a free and unique companion for the YouTube videos you find across the web when browsing with Chrome.  You can now watch a video with enhanced (DVD-like) playback, and afterwards, even go beyond just YouTube.com comments to engage in reactions from a growing list of active communities like Twitter, Reddit, and Google+. null BROWSER,chrome,controls,extension,video,youtube, EmbedPlus is like YouTube on steroids! More seriously, it&#039;s a free and unique companion for the YouTube videos you find across the web when browsing with Chrome.  You can now watch a video with enhanced (DVD-like) playback, and afterwards, even go beyond just YouTube.com comments to engage in reactions from a growing list of active communities like Twitter, Reddit, and Google+.
Discover upcoming events and stuff to do in a nice and simple interface based on Google Maps. Search for events, narrow down with category, place or date and sort your search by relevance, date, title, popularity or venue name. Mapping Events is powered by Eventful API, Google Maps API, Google AJAX Search API, WorldIP API, Yahoo YQL and Yahoo YUI. null events,mapping, Discover upcoming events and stuff to do in a nice and simple interface based on Google Maps. Search for events, narrow down with category, place or date and sort your search by relevance, date, title, popularity or venue name. Mapping Events is powered by Eventful API, Google Maps API, Google AJAX Search API, WorldIP API, Yahoo YQL and Yahoo YUI.
Geo-service for Evernote. Here you can search and browse notes on the map. null geocoding,mapping,office,tools, Geo-service for Evernote. Here you can search and browse notes on the map.
A complex cartographic representation of a journey through Queer Carnaval Space. Reads Flickr in georss form and passes it to both the Google Feeds slideshow and Google Maps v3 API. null deadpool,iPhone,javascript,sanfrancisco, A complex cartographic representation of a journey through Queer Carnaval Space. Reads Flickr in georss form and passes it to both the Google Feeds slideshow and Google Maps v3 API.
Tag cloud that combines Yahoo&#039;s Content Analysis Web Service with RSS feeds from Yahoo! News to visualize weighted distribution of keywords found in current news. null deadpool,news, Tag cloud that combines Yahoo&#039;s Content Analysis Web Service with RSS feeds from Yahoo! News to visualize weighted distribution of keywords found in current news.
See Manhattan Nightlife from a bird&#039;s eye view and find your scene with our built in real time Twitter feeds and Foursquare Tips/Checkin Data. Check out your favorite spots by Male:Female ratio so you find the night you&#039;re looking for.   null events,happy-hour,mapping,nightlife,nyc,social, See Manhattan Nightlife from a bird&#039;s eye view and find your scene with our built in real time Twitter feeds and Foursquare Tips/Checkin Data. Check out your favorite spots by Male:Female ratio so you find the night you&#039;re looking for.  
An experimental discovery tool that searches tags from various social network-type sites including Flickr, Technorati, and Upcoming. null blog,deadpool,search, An experimental discovery tool that searches tags from various social network-type sites including Flickr, Technorati, and Upcoming.
Very interesting mashup technique from Microsoft Research, MSR. Shows how any type of map image data can be layered on top of a Virtual Earth map. This example with bike trail maps. null mapping,sports, Very interesting mashup technique from Microsoft Research, MSR. Shows how any type of map image data can be layered on top of a Virtual Earth map. This example with bike trail maps.
Search for business services, hotels and facilities in the region Amsterdam and Utrecht, the Netherlands. This website uses Flash FLEX Google maps and the Google Maps Javascript API. null amsterdam,business,directory,flash,Flex,mapping, Search for business services, hotels and facilities in the region Amsterdam and Utrecht, the Netherlands. This website uses Flash FLEX Google maps and the Google Maps Javascript API.
Bassicly is an App that utilises multiple APIs to provide a service that allows people to listen to bass orientated / electronic music in a seamless interface. Bassicly was created as a result of frustrations with listening to the vast amount of musical content available on YouTube but not having an easy to use interface to do it with.  As well as being able to play music from YouTube, you can make it scrobble the tracks you are listening to in real time to Last.fm. null deadpool,music, Bassicly is an App that utilises multiple APIs to provide a service that allows people to listen to bass orientated / electronic music in a seamless interface. Bassicly was created as a result of frustrations with listening to the vast amount of musical content available on YouTube but not having an easy to use interface to do it with.  As well as being able to play music from YouTube, you can make it scrobble the tracks you are listening to in real time to Last.fm.
Jauntlet is a tool for travelers to add travel plans and maps to many popular sites including MySpace, Facebook, and Blogger. null mapping,travel, Jauntlet is a tool for travelers to add travel plans and maps to many popular sites including MySpace, Facebook, and Blogger.
Geocode addresses in bulk, plot multiple locations to a single map. Built using Yahoo Maps and Yahoo Geocoding API. null mapping, Geocode addresses in bulk, plot multiple locations to a single map. Built using Yahoo Maps and Yahoo Geocoding API.
Use the Yelp Search widget to find reviews of restaurants, bars and businesses near you. Enable the Center setting to initially center the map on your location. null mapping,search,shopping,widgets, Use the Yelp Search widget to find reviews of restaurants, bars and businesses near you. Enable the Center setting to initially center the map on your location.
Enables Web site visitors to leave audio comments or testimonials that can be heard by others through a nifty module that is placed on a blog or Web site. null audio,blog,social,telephony,Voice,widget, Enables Web site visitors to leave audio comments or testimonials that can be heard by others through a nifty module that is placed on a blog or Web site.
Drawloop&#039;s service is an online PDF conversion tool integrated with box.net online storage. It allows you to convert a single file into PDF format or merge multiple files into a single PDF. null documents,office,pdf,storage, Drawloop&#039;s service is an online PDF conversion tool integrated with box.net online storage. It allows you to convert a single file into PDF format or merge multiple files into a single PDF.
World Community, travel, photos, videos. Data from Yahoo Maps, Yahoo Travel, Flickr and YouTube. null mapping,photo,travel,video, World Community, travel, photos, videos. Data from Yahoo Maps, Yahoo Travel, Flickr and YouTube.
Create, update, and track your business plan with your entire team and export out a document version at any time. null calendar,office,project-management, Create, update, and track your business plan with your entire team and export out a document version at any time.
Free trip planner tool to plan your trip on the map, show your route, points of interest, upload photos and keep your travel diary online. Publish your trip to your Facebook wall to share with your friends. null deadpool,mapping,photo,social,travel,trip, Free trip planner tool to plan your trip on the map, show your route, points of interest, upload photos and keep your travel diary online. Publish your trip to your Facebook wall to share with your friends.
This blog attempts to follow handbag fashion and also report the growing number of handbag thefts across the UK, and hopefully other countries in time. Everyone knows at least one person who has had their bag stolen out in a restaurant, bar, pub or club. null crime,deadpool,mapping,uk, This blog attempts to follow handbag fashion and also report the growing number of handbag thefts across the UK, and hopefully other countries in time. Everyone knows at least one person who has had their bag stolen out in a restaurant, bar, pub or club.
Shows textual and visual information for all world countries. For each country, a live map and photos are included, plus a map translated to your language. Uses Google Charts for data visualization. null charts,geography,mapping,photo, Shows textual and visual information for all world countries. For each country, a live map and photos are included, plus a map translated to your language. Uses Google Charts for data visualization.
Life2Life is a real store in a virtual world. Uses the Amazon and SecondLife APIs to allow you to shop in virtual space. This link brings you to the story about it, you need Second Life to see it in action. null shopping, Life2Life is a real store in a virtual world. Uses the Amazon and SecondLife APIs to allow you to shop in virtual space. This link brings you to the story about it, you need Second Life to see it in action.
DealSauce lets you organize and share all the great deals you find on the web. People use boards to organize their wishlists, plan their gift shopping, or just shop for great deals. null aggregator,deals,search,shopping, DealSauce lets you organize and share all the great deals you find on the web. People use boards to organize their wishlists, plan their gift shopping, or just shop for great deals.
Rich mashup with live weather, forecasts, webcams, and more on a Google Map. null deadpool,mapping,weather,webcams, Rich mashup with live weather, forecasts, webcams, and more on a Google Map.
Experimental mashup that presents photo images from Point Reyes on a Google map. It also integrates with Google Search and Weather.com. null mapping,photo,reference,search, Experimental mashup that presents photo images from Point Reyes on a Google map. It also integrates with Google Search and Weather.com.
Mashup of Layar augmented reality browser, Joomla! CMS, CareerBuilder, Google Maps, and the Twitter API to display over 1/2 million Points of Interest (POI&#039;s) in the USA.  Recently added layars for job and local events. null augmented-reality,deadpool,mapping,microblogging, Mashup of Layar augmented reality browser, Joomla! CMS, CareerBuilder, Google Maps, and the Twitter API to display over 1/2 million Points of Interest (POI&#039;s) in the USA.  Recently added layars for job and local events.
A mashup of Google Maps and Wikipedia. Click on the map and a dialog window opens which retrieves information from Wikipedia for that country. null education,geography,google,map,wikipedia,world, A mashup of Google Maps and Wikipedia. Click on the map and a dialog window opens which retrieves information from Wikipedia for that country.
Visualize people&#039;s Klout circles of influence. Data is  collected & computed by Klout and the Klout Rest API and displayed in graph. null influence,social,visualization, Visualize people&#039;s Klout circles of influence. Data is  collected & computed by Klout and the Klout Rest API and displayed in graph.
Skywrite.me is all about writing Remarkable Messages and the approach to define a Sky in the World Wide Web. Whoever looks at it will see what is written. What do you have to say that should be read by everyone? null deadpool,messaging,microblogging,social, Skywrite.me is all about writing Remarkable Messages and the approach to define a Sky in the World Wide Web. Whoever looks at it will see what is written. What do you have to say that should be read by everyone?
Create and share online mixtapes by choosing individual tracks or getting one created automatically based on an artist that you like. null deadpool,music,shopping,social, Create and share online mixtapes by choosing individual tracks or getting one created automatically based on an artist that you like.
This app lets you find local restaurant freebie offerings and BXGX (Buy Something Get Something) Free promotions in your area. null deals,local,promotions,restaurant, This app lets you find local restaurant freebie offerings and BXGX (Buy Something Get Something) Free promotions in your area.
GirlFriend X is a web-based little Black Book 2.0 for single guys. null dating,events,mapping,weather, GirlFriend X is a web-based little Black Book 2.0 for single guys.
This mashup will enable NGOs to better utilise SMS for social activism and public accountability. Sends SMS using the Nexmo hosted SMS service. null pushNGO,send,sms, This mashup will enable NGOs to better utilise SMS for social activism and public accountability. Sends SMS using the Nexmo hosted SMS service.
An attempt to put Digital New Zealand on the map by parsing placenams in the text. null deadpool,geo,mapping,newzealand, An attempt to put Digital New Zealand on the map by parsing placenams in the text.
Using this service, search for local events on EVDB from your cell phone, WAP, SMS, email or toolbar, using the 411Sync Mobile API. null deadpool,events,mobile,search, Using this service, search for local events on EVDB from your cell phone, WAP, SMS, email or toolbar, using the 411Sync Mobile API.
Allows Box.net users to send document files from their Box accounts to iSpeech, where they are translated into audio. null audio,document,storage, Allows Box.net users to send document files from their Box accounts to iSpeech, where they are translated into audio.
Realestate news in realtime. Uses APIs from Trulia, Twitter and Zillow.  null craigslist,news,realestate,realtors, Realestate news in realtime. Uses APIs from Trulia, Twitter and Zillow. 
Infonary.com is a web site launched exclusively for busy users. It aims at providing precise and latest news from all the leading newspapers and TV news channels, all on one page. Different categories have been defined for various sections like Sports, Business, Education, Health etc. So you can find the news on the topics of your choice easily.  null headlines,mashup,news,search,videos, Infonary.com is a web site launched exclusively for busy users. It aims at providing precise and latest news from all the leading newspapers and TV news channels, all on one page. Different categories have been defined for various sections like Sports, Business, Education, Health etc. So you can find the news on the topics of your choice easily. 
Weaves real-time, geographically matched user comments from Twitter that provide perspective on the temperature. Also integrates a clothing advisor to show you what people are wearing in your specified location. Link goes to Apple iTunes. null iPhone,microblogging,social,weather, Weaves real-time, geographically matched user comments from Twitter that provide perspective on the temperature. Also integrates a clothing advisor to show you what people are wearing in your specified location. Link goes to Apple iTunes.
Doubletab.com is a mashup of the YouTube and LiveVideo APIs. null social,sports,video, Doubletab.com is a mashup of the YouTube and LiveVideo APIs.
If someone calls you pulchritudinous, how do you know if you should be flattered or offended. Get the definition of any English word. SMS, email, WAP. null deadpool,messaging,mobile,reference, If someone calls you pulchritudinous, how do you know if you should be flattered or offended. Get the definition of any English word. SMS, email, WAP.
Shows all the world&#039;s graffiti spots with site image histories. Upload you pics or find whats near you. Shows current StreetView of a place, to see the status of the graffiti when Google drove by. null art,deadpool,Graffiti,mapping, Shows all the world&#039;s graffiti spots with site image histories. Upload you pics or find whats near you. Shows current StreetView of a place, to see the status of the graffiti when Google drove by.
Interactive Map of Cancer Rates in New York and nationwide in the US.  null cancer,MapLarge,mapping,newyork,nyc,usa, Interactive Map of Cancer Rates in New York and nationwide in the US. 
Create a website from your Etsy shop. Integrates APIs from Twitter and Blogger as well. null craft,jewelry,microblogging,Portfolio,shopping,store, Create a website from your Etsy shop. Integrates APIs from Twitter and Blogger as well.
Use this service to obtain comparison shopping information on your cell phone via SMS, WAP and Email. This mashup integrates the RSS feeds from Nextag with the 411Sync Mobile API. null deadpool,messaging,mobile,shopping, Use this service to obtain comparison shopping information on your cell phone via SMS, WAP and Email. This mashup integrates the RSS feeds from Nextag with the 411Sync Mobile API.
Simply: the Eldercare Locator from eldercare.gov is now accessibly via a voice-activated phone system and through text message for 24/7 self service.  Oh, and it&#039;s open source too! null health,sms,tools, Simply: the Eldercare Locator from eldercare.gov is now accessibly via a voice-activated phone system and through text message for 24/7 self service.  Oh, and it&#039;s open source too!
CuteOn.Me is a simple app to solicit shopping advice from your friends. It demonstrates how a real-world application can use awe.sm&#039;s batch link creation, metadata association, redirection patterns, conversion tracking, and advanced stats retrieval. Documentation and source available. null Fashion,recommendations,shopping,social, CuteOn.Me is a simple app to solicit shopping advice from your friends. It demonstrates how a real-world application can use awe.sm&#039;s batch link creation, metadata association, redirection patterns, conversion tracking, and advanced stats retrieval. Documentation and source available.
Our encryption add-on for Box.net provides you with an additional layer of security and privacy by encrypting your sensitive files with unbreakable 256-bit AES encryption. null aes,decryption,encryption,security, Our encryption add-on for Box.net provides you with an additional layer of security and privacy by encrypting your sensitive files with unbreakable 256-bit AES encryption.
A free software project which analyses news and offers related stories coming from non-corporate sources. It is being developed as part of the Five Filters project to promote alternative, non-corporate media. The application requires Java applet support. null news,search,semantic,visualization, A free software project which analyses news and offers related stories coming from non-corporate sources. It is being developed as part of the Five Filters project to promote alternative, non-corporate media. The application requires Java applet support.
Twitter Social Networking with Filipino celebrities null celebrity,deadpool,microblogging,philippines, Twitter Social Networking with Filipino celebrities
Search Instagram photos by tag and show them on a Google map.  null mapping,photo,search,social, Search Instagram photos by tag and show them on a Google map. 
Google analytics plus Google Earth in a Flash movie overview of Islander stats. null deadpool,flash,mapping, Google analytics plus Google Earth in a Flash movie overview of Islander stats.
PhotoHab is new professional social networks for photographers featuring blogging, photo sharing, interactive forums, personalized profiles, and place where photographers from all experience levels can share their knowledge and learn from others. null fun,networking,photo,social, PhotoHab is new professional social networks for photographers featuring blogging, photo sharing, interactive forums, personalized profiles, and place where photographers from all experience levels can share their knowledge and learn from others.
Create your own dynamic leaderboard by mashing data from various sources.   Works especially well at increasing the number of tweets during live events. null conference,events,gamification,media,social, Create your own dynamic leaderboard by mashing data from various sources.   Works especially well at increasing the number of tweets during live events.
A mashup to help consumers locate a Nintendo Wii. Provides retail addresses, locations, shipment dates, and local ebay auctions null auction,deadpool,mapping,shopping, A mashup to help consumers locate a Nintendo Wii. Provides retail addresses, locations, shipment dates, and local ebay auctions
Social network for techs with a focus on development and computers. null facebook,reviews,search,shopping,Twitter, Social network for techs with a focus on development and computers.
Takes all your favourite online information and displays in it one spot. Similar to igoogle or netvibes. null deadpool,news,rss,widgets, Takes all your favourite online information and displays in it one spot. Similar to igoogle or netvibes.
HTML5 mobile web mashup: geo-located forums (discussions). Ask local questions, get local answers. Cloud based implementation: Google Fusion tables for data, Disqus ??? for forums  null deadpool,html5,location,mapping,mobile, HTML5 mobile web mashup: geo-located forums (discussions). Ask local questions, get local answers. Cloud based implementation: Google Fusion tables for data, Disqus ??? for forums 
Search twitter bios and location, allowing for searches like &quot;rails developers in austin&quot; and &quot;mom blogger. Results are sorted by Infochimps Trstrank (similar to Klout score) so the most influential people are listed first. null people,search,social, Search twitter bios and location, allowing for searches like &quot;rails developers in austin&quot; and &quot;mom blogger. Results are sorted by Infochimps Trstrank (similar to Klout score) so the most influential people are listed first.
Search local auctions and classified listings (craigslist) and see where they are located on a map view. null auction,craigslist,deadpool,mapping,shopping, Search local auctions and classified listings (craigslist) and see where they are located on a map view.
Travel site that searches and compares travel fares and travel deals from over 100 sites. It also provides shopping interface to shop more than 20,000 travel products. Uses eCommerce APIs from Amazon and Commission Junction. Formerly called Etravelpal. null car,Cruise,flights,hotels,rail,rentals, Travel site that searches and compares travel fares and travel deals from over 100 sites. It also provides shopping interface to shop more than 20,000 travel products. Uses eCommerce APIs from Amazon and Commission Junction. Formerly called Etravelpal.
Call in Weather Conditions and Forecast app. null fun,Voice,weather, Call in Weather Conditions and Forecast app.
A bot as well as a Google Wave robot that serves you a daily dose of Quotes, Word(s), Jokes, History, Horoscope and Cricket Scores. To use, add todays-special@appspot.com to your Google Talk or Google Wave. null bot,chat,fun,quotes, A bot as well as a Google Wave robot that serves you a daily dose of Quotes, Word(s), Jokes, History, Horoscope and Cricket Scores. To use, add todays-special@appspot.com to your Google Talk or Google Wave.
Powered by the Google Fusion Tables API, this service visually displays world statistics on a map. Statistics include: Population, GDP, and currency unit.  null angularjs,d3js,mapping,statistics,visualization, Powered by the Google Fusion Tables API, this service visually displays world statistics on a map. Statistics include: Population, GDP, and currency unit. 
World Cup Mashup combines twitter posts to show the public&#039;s predictions of World Cup scores. null deadpool,soccer,sports,worldcup, World Cup Mashup combines twitter posts to show the public&#039;s predictions of World Cup scores.
Using an Arduino with an ethernet shield and some electronic components I built a Twilio powered garage door. It can tell if the garage door is open or closed and it can also activate the garage door opener if desired. In addition I have a program that runs every 15 minutes and checks the garage door. If it is open past 8:00, it sends my wife and I a text message. We can simply reply to close it. null hardware,sms,telephony, Using an Arduino with an ethernet shield and some electronic components I built a Twilio powered garage door. It can tell if the garage door is open or closed and it can also activate the garage door opener if desired. In addition I have a program that runs every 15 minutes and checks the garage door. If it is open past 8:00, it sends my wife and I a text message. We can simply reply to close it.
A musical mashup of Daft Punk songs. This mashup uses the SoundCloud API.  null music,streaming, A musical mashup of Daft Punk songs. This mashup uses the SoundCloud API. 
The newborn YouLine Internet audio broadcast FM radio. I&#039;ll play 365 days 24 hours non-stop Western charts. When you want to check the latest Western hits, with music when I want now, and when I got tired to My Playlist, Recommended to those who need nothing if you have the music to skip and repeat. youtube do not even have a FM broadcast? null music,radio,video, The newborn YouLine Internet audio broadcast FM radio. I&#039;ll play 365 days 24 hours non-stop Western charts. When you want to check the latest Western hits, with music when I want now, and when I got tired to My Playlist, Recommended to those who need nothing if you have the music to skip and repeat. youtube do not even have a FM broadcast?
Provides free PDF files, free PDF ebooks, and free PDF articles to be downloaded. null pdf,search, Provides free PDF files, free PDF ebooks, and free PDF articles to be downloaded.
A free, daily email of scores and news for your favorite teams with a personalized tracker. Provides you with a quick overview of the sports world, including analysis, insights, humor and previews. null deadpool,news,sports, A free, daily email of scores and news for your favorite teams with a personalized tracker. Provides you with a quick overview of the sports world, including analysis, insights, humor and previews.
User reviews, video reviews, images and details about cameras. null deadpool,reviews,shopping,video, User reviews, video reviews, images and details about cameras.
View weather forecasts for cities in Asia. null china,mapping,weather, View weather forecasts for cities in Asia.
eatbytweet is a restaurant Tweets mashup covering thousands of restaurants across the US.  Use eatbytweet to view up-to-the minute restaurant specials and reservation information. null bargains,food,restaurant,social,Twitter, eatbytweet is a restaurant Tweets mashup covering thousands of restaurants across the US.  Use eatbytweet to view up-to-the minute restaurant specials and reservation information.
A Craigslist mashup site that offers multiple city search for Craigslist, Kijiji and Oodle at the same time. null craigslist,deadpool,shopping, A Craigslist mashup site that offers multiple city search for Craigslist, Kijiji and Oodle at the same time.
Allows Salesforce.com users evaluate incoming data for spam. It contains built-in support for incoming Web-to-Lead and Web-to-Case data and also contains global Apex methods that allow developers to incorporate Spam checks in their applications. null CRM,enterprise,marketing,saas,sales,spam, Allows Salesforce.com users evaluate incoming data for spam. It contains built-in support for incoming Web-to-Lead and Web-to-Case data and also contains global Apex methods that allow developers to incorporate Spam checks in their applications.
Use this service to obtain celebrity photos on WAP cell phones. This service has been implemented using the Yahoo Image Search API and the 411Sync Mobile API null deadpool,messaging,movies,photo,search, Use this service to obtain celebrity photos on WAP cell phones. This service has been implemented using the Yahoo Image Search API and the 411Sync Mobile API
A community to search, rate, and review local restaurants or find a new place to eat. null food,mapping,ratings,restaurant,reviews,travel, A community to search, rate, and review local restaurants or find a new place to eat.
Nearly 200 Hindu temples in America on Google Maps. The site title, Stuladarshanam, means birds eye view in Sanskrit. null mapping,religion, Nearly 200 Hindu temples in America on Google Maps. The site title, Stuladarshanam, means birds eye view in Sanskrit.
Ebay Aggregator lets you search and manage all your auctions searchs on Ebay world in one page in customizable boxes. This application uses Ebay RSS functionnalities in an Ajax interface driven by PHP. Free account required. null auction,shopping, Ebay Aggregator lets you search and manage all your auctions searchs on Ebay world in one page in customizable boxes. This application uses Ebay RSS functionnalities in an Ajax interface driven by PHP. Free account required.
A search page that filters Amazon.com for items only eligible for Prime or Super Saver Shipping. null deadpool,shipping,shopping, A search page that filters Amazon.com for items only eligible for Prime or Super Saver Shipping.
Collection of widgets for different APIs that can be embedded. null photo,widgets, Collection of widgets for different APIs that can be embedded.
First generic eBay Google Maps Mashup  null auction,deadpool,mapping,shopping, First generic eBay Google Maps Mashup 
Chatwing provides free live chat to any website or blog. Simply embed 2 lines of html code and you are live with a chat box. Deep Facebook and Twitter integration allows users to login with select accounts and also share directly from the chat to Facebook and Twitter with 1 click. Admins have the ability to delete chat messages in real-time and set banned word lists. Chatwing is a free chat widget that automatically brings an interactive element to any site in minutes. null chat,messaging,social, Chatwing provides free live chat to any website or blog. Simply embed 2 lines of html code and you are live with a chat box. Deep Facebook and Twitter integration allows users to login with select accounts and also share directly from the chat to Facebook and Twitter with 1 click. Admins have the ability to delete chat messages in real-time and set banned word lists. Chatwing is a free chat widget that automatically brings an interactive element to any site in minutes.
BackLinkr lets you easily show who is linking to your site. null bookmarks,deadpool,search, BackLinkr lets you easily show who is linking to your site.
Content websites are just too dull. Business to business can use Linkedin to get real people on their websites. Combine it with Wordpress, Vimeo, Slideshare, Twitter and Flickr and you have a B2B mashup as your website. null business,enterprise,events, Content websites are just too dull. Business to business can use Linkedin to get real people on their websites. Combine it with Wordpress, Vimeo, Slideshare, Twitter and Flickr and you have a B2B mashup as your website.
A full-featured audio player and manager, developed in Java so that it can be executed on different platforms: Windows, Linux, etc. Currently plays mp3, ogg, wma, wav, flac. null lyrics,mp3,music, A full-featured audio player and manager, developed in Java so that it can be executed on different platforms: Windows, Linux, etc. Currently plays mp3, ogg, wma, wav, flac.
First prize winner of 2009 Apps for America mashup contest. Filibusted tracks the frequency at which senators  try to stall legislation through filibustering.  An &#039;obstruction rate&#039; is shown for each US senator. null contests,gov,government,politics,transparency, First prize winner of 2009 Apps for America mashup contest. Filibusted tracks the frequency at which senators  try to stall legislation through filibustering.  An &#039;obstruction rate&#039; is shown for each US senator.
Photography search and browse site using the Flickr API. null photos,search,tools, Photography search and browse site using the Flickr API.
Social search for business referrals. Installs as an about us and/or jobs board widget for your website or Facebook fan page.    null search,social, Social search for business referrals. Installs as an about us and/or jobs board widget for your website or Facebook fan page.   
A Flash-based interactive map built using the MapQuest API. Hotels, activities, and package deals are shown among other POIs to help Travelocity users explore, plan, and experience their destination. null deadpool,mapping,travel, A Flash-based interactive map built using the MapQuest API. Hotels, activities, and package deals are shown among other POIs to help Travelocity users explore, plan, and experience their destination.
Featuring free, unlimited MP3 downloads by independent artists and DJs from the Underground Music Spot plus your favorite mainstream artists. Mashup of the Underground Music Spot and Interactive Digital Music. null music,search, Featuring free, unlimited MP3 downloads by independent artists and DJs from the Underground Music Spot plus your favorite mainstream artists. Mashup of the Underground Music Spot and Interactive Digital Music.
Your Picasa photos on your website. null deadpool,photo, Your Picasa photos on your website.
Create Moo products like stickers, business cards, postcards, etc, your the covers of your Lulu Press creations. null books,deadpool,photo, Create Moo products like stickers, business cards, postcards, etc, your the covers of your Lulu Press creations.
Graphs a blogs popularity over time. The popularity statistics are gathered from Technorati using the Dapper service. null blog,deadpool,visualization, Graphs a blogs popularity over time. The popularity statistics are gathered from Technorati using the Dapper service.
Foursquare, Facebook and Twitter mashup.  null fun,social,tools, Foursquare, Facebook and Twitter mashup. 
Searches Encarta, Wikipedia, Britannica and others using Google Custom Search. null reference,search,wikipedia, Searches Encarta, Wikipedia, Britannica and others using Google Custom Search.
CamScanner is a mobile scanning app that leverages the phone&#039;s camera. Through its integration with Box.net, it allows users to save scanned images to Box. null mobile,photo,storage, CamScanner is a mobile scanning app that leverages the phone&#039;s camera. Through its integration with Box.net, it allows users to save scanned images to Box.
Music portal specifically designed for mobile and iPhone users. TuneMaze allows users to search and download mp3 tracks and view associated lyrics, youtube videos, amazon downloads and related tracks. null download,iPhone,mobile,mp3,music,search, Music portal specifically designed for mobile and iPhone users. TuneMaze allows users to search and download mp3 tracks and view associated lyrics, youtube videos, amazon downloads and related tracks.
Multiple scatterplots, multiple selections, and map markers null brushing,Data,gis,mapping,spatial,visualization, Multiple scatterplots, multiple selections, and map markers
Ima?-gine the fol?-lo?-wing situa?-ti?-ons: You sit in the cafe with your lap?-top and you are prin?-ting a Bil?-lo?-mat invoice on the prin?-ter at your home. Or you print out the latest esti?-mate on your customera??s prin?-ter. Just with a fin?-ger?-tip on your iPad. The app?-li?-ca?-ti?-ons of the new Bil?-lo?-mat func?-tion are limit?-less. Thanks to Google Cloud Print you print from any?-where. Even on prin?-ters that are loca?-ted miles away. null cloud,invoicing,print,tools, Ima?-gine the fol?-lo?-wing situa?-ti?-ons: You sit in the cafe with your lap?-top and you are prin?-ting a Bil?-lo?-mat invoice on the prin?-ter at your home. Or you print out the latest esti?-mate on your customera??s prin?-ter. Just with a fin?-ger?-tip on your iPad. The app?-li?-ca?-ti?-ons of the new Bil?-lo?-mat func?-tion are limit?-less. Thanks to Google Cloud Print you print from any?-where. Even on prin?-ters that are loca?-ted miles away.
Geo-intuitive U.S. job search. null deadpool,jobs,mapping, Geo-intuitive U.S. job search.
Ringerous lets you post to your Posterous blog by phone. Your recorded message is added to the post with an embedded MP3 player for easy playback. null blog,deadpool,telephony, Ringerous lets you post to your Posterous blog by phone. Your recorded message is added to the post with an embedded MP3 player for easy playback.
The Podcast over the Phone mashup allows you to Call a phone number, and listen to Mr Browna??s podcast over the phone. null telephony,VoIP, The Podcast over the Phone mashup allows you to Call a phone number, and listen to Mr Browna??s podcast over the phone.
Netsuite is a web-based business software suite, and it is integrated with Box.net so Netsuite users can access their content on Box from within the Netsuite environment. null enterprise,storage, Netsuite is a web-based business software suite, and it is integrated with Box.net so Netsuite users can access their content on Box from within the Netsuite environment.
Instant portfolio assembly on iGoogle null finance,Investing,stocks,widgets, Instant portfolio assembly on iGoogle
File2Cart is an automated SaaS that provides import of products from .xml, .txt and .csv files to any of 34 supported shopping carts. It gives an opportunity to update your product database accurately. Depending on your needs you can choose One-Time or Scheduled Store Import. With One-Time Import you can move the entities from a file to your store database quickly and safely. You can use Assisted Import which allows the whole procedure be performed by File2Cart engineers. Scheduled Import gives the opportunity to update your product catalogue on regular basis - daily or weekly, in the exact hours. The prices of service are moderate depending on the quantity of the entities you want to import. You can estimate the cost of your import beforehand with Import Estimator service.  null catalogue,saas,shopping, File2Cart is an automated SaaS that provides import of products from .xml, .txt and .csv files to any of 34 supported shopping carts. It gives an opportunity to update your product database accurately. Depending on your needs you can choose One-Time or Scheduled Store Import. With One-Time Import you can move the entities from a file to your store database quickly and safely. You can use Assisted Import which allows the whole procedure be performed by File2Cart engineers. Scheduled Import gives the opportunity to update your product catalogue on regular basis - daily or weekly, in the exact hours. The prices of service are moderate depending on the quantity of the entities you want to import. You can estimate the cost of your import beforehand with Import Estimator service. 
WordPress plugin that lets you embed various Facebook objects by just pasting the URL anywhere in a post or page content. Supports Facebook albums, events, notes, videos, groups, pages, and individual pictures. null blogging,social,widgets, WordPress plugin that lets you embed various Facebook objects by just pasting the URL anywhere in a post or page content. Supports Facebook albums, events, notes, videos, groups, pages, and individual pictures.
Productism is a place where you can review the products you love and share them with your friends. null commerce,Products,shopping,social, Productism is a place where you can review the products you love and share them with your friends.
Heartomatic provides a set of tools to Etsy sellers showing who is &quot;hearting&quot; you or your items. Lets you compare this over a period of time and provides a search feature to see if you&#039;ve been featured in a Etsy gift guide or on the Etsy ho null favorites,gifts,shopping, Heartomatic provides a set of tools to Etsy sellers showing who is &quot;hearting&quot; you or your items. Lets you compare this over a period of time and provides a search feature to see if you&#039;ve been featured in a Etsy gift guide or on the Etsy ho
InfoNigeria is a site born out of the need to harness web information from diverse sources on Nigeria. For Nigerian academics, researchers, students, shoppers and advertisers.  null deadpool,reference,search,shopping, InfoNigeria is a site born out of the need to harness web information from diverse sources on Nigeria. For Nigerian academics, researchers, students, shoppers and advertisers. 
Make your Twitter stream audible with TweJay or listen to a Twitter search. null audio,deadpool,microblogging,TTS, Make your Twitter stream audible with TweJay or listen to a Twitter search.
Slandr Mobile Twitter utilizes the Twitter API to provide a Twitter mobile browser with extras. TwitterCounter, Last.fm local event search, inline displaying of picture-links from MobyPicture, TwitPic, Yfrog and Autopostr! null chat,mobile,realtime,roelandp,slandr,Twitter, Slandr Mobile Twitter utilizes the Twitter API to provide a Twitter mobile browser with extras. TwitterCounter, Last.fm local event search, inline displaying of picture-links from MobyPicture, TwitPic, Yfrog and Autopostr!
Guerilla-style MP3 search-and-play. Uses the Blip.FM API. null deadpool,mp3,music, Guerilla-style MP3 search-and-play. Uses the Blip.FM API.
Search and browse NYC real estate listings along with Google Maps. null deadpool,mapping,nyc,realestate, Search and browse NYC real estate listings along with Google Maps.
Best city selector lets you adjust your lifestyle preference and see what cities rank the highest for your personal taste.  null Data,fun,search,travel, Best city selector lets you adjust your lifestyle preference and see what cities rank the highest for your personal taste. 
Firefox plugin that will identify the people, companies, organizations, geographies and products on any web page you are viewing. The navigation sidebar shows you a meaningful semantic outline of the content. null firefox,news,semantic, Firefox plugin that will identify the people, companies, organizations, geographies and products on any web page you are viewing. The navigation sidebar shows you a meaningful semantic outline of the content.
Energy TACO is a Google Chrome extension which was developed during the 1st ever Cleanweb Hackathon  by Matthew (@matthewfong) and Michael (@Dogtown7) from Genability (@genability). TACO stands for Total Annual Cost of Ownership.  The extension allows you to seamlessly see the true cost of electronics by displaying how much you will spend each year to plug the device in. We put that cost right on the page of whatever site* you&#039;re shopping on. null energy,reference, Energy TACO is a Google Chrome extension which was developed during the 1st ever Cleanweb Hackathon  by Matthew (@matthewfong) and Michael (@Dogtown7) from Genability (@genability). TACO stands for Total Annual Cost of Ownership.  The extension allows you to seamlessly see the true cost of electronics by displaying how much you will spend each year to plug the device in. We put that cost right on the page of whatever site* you&#039;re shopping on.
Gawkk.com is a community-based social video sharing website that specializes in allowing people to collect and share videos with their friends. Like Twitter for video. null microblogging,photo,social,video, Gawkk.com is a community-based social video sharing website that specializes in allowing people to collect and share videos with their friends. Like Twitter for video.
Ewelike is a free product information and price comparison site featuring reviews and commentary written and rated by users. Books, movies, video games, music, perfume. null search,shopping, Ewelike is a free product information and price comparison site featuring reviews and commentary written and rated by users. Books, movies, video games, music, perfume.
An easy way to add live chat support to any website, leveraging public chat protocols (via the tropo API) and the Campfire chat room. null 37signals,business,chat,messaging,tropo,voxeo, An easy way to add live chat support to any website, leveraging public chat protocols (via the tropo API) and the Campfire chat room.
Buy brand name badminton equipment at discount prices. null Badminton,deadpool,shopping,sports,video, Buy brand name badminton equipment at discount prices.
Music recommendations and explanations for about 40,000 artists and bands. Uses linked data and semantic web techniques to make connections.  null deadpool,messaging,music,recommendations,semantic,video, Music recommendations and explanations for about 40,000 artists and bands. Uses linked data and semantic web techniques to make connections. 
SMS Spreader is a Nexmo app that lets you blast SMS messages to your contact list using Google Spreadsheets. A Nexmo API key is required. null messaging,mobile, SMS Spreader is a Nexmo app that lets you blast SMS messages to your contact list using Google Spreadsheets. A Nexmo API key is required.
This is a site that lets you search and map the Guardian&#039;s API and add location information to articles. You can view recently geocoded articles on a map, and search for articles in specific places too. null deadpool,mapping,news,uk, This is a site that lets you search and map the Guardian&#039;s API and add location information to articles. You can view recently geocoded articles on a map, and search for articles in specific places too.
Lalalocal aggregates local news and blog content with emerging interactive and social networking tools to provide users with a unique view into the city they love and advertisers with the targeted reach they crave.    null deadpool,local,mapping, Lalalocal aggregates local news and blog content with emerging interactive and social networking tools to provide users with a unique view into the city they love and advertisers with the targeted reach they crave.   
The infovisualization shows the real-time emotions of the social web by classifying user contributions according to the methodology defined by Plutchik. null deadpool,design,emotion,realtime,Twitter, The infovisualization shows the real-time emotions of the social web by classifying user contributions according to the methodology defined by Plutchik.
Keewl 2.0 Search Engine null deadpool,search, Keewl 2.0 Search Engine
Mashup of what&#039;s hot using the Yahoo! Buzz index to show the day&#039;s most popular search queries on Yahoo! Updated hourly with sections on Music, Movies, Sports, and Games. null deadpool,news,search, Mashup of what&#039;s hot using the Yahoo! Buzz index to show the day&#039;s most popular search queries on Yahoo! Updated hourly with sections on Music, Movies, Sports, and Games.
Digg Diversity calculates fair data on digg stories and acts as a alternative front page for users who care more about original content. It is also an excellent example of the very difficult Javascript API. null bookmarks,deadpool,javascript,news,semantic, Digg Diversity calculates fair data on digg stories and acts as a alternative front page for users who care more about original content. It is also an excellent example of the very difficult Javascript API.
A community site allowing you to share media from other social web 2.0 communities. null blogs,deadpool,photo,social,video, A community site allowing you to share media from other social web 2.0 communities.
Hurricane Watch visualizes Atlantic hurricane tracks and advisories from 1950 to the present, displaying the content in coordinated map and timeline viewers. null Data,hurricane,mapping,visualization, Hurricane Watch visualizes Atlantic hurricane tracks and advisories from 1950 to the present, displaying the content in coordinated map and timeline viewers.
Yellow pages for Germany, Austria and Switzerland. null business,directory,germany,mapping,reference, Yellow pages for Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
oGoWoo is a free word of mouth advertising system. The system uses the Facebook API for post advertising or promotional messages on users Facebook walls on their behalf, as return they get gifts and discounts.  null advertising,promotions,social,word-of-mouth, oGoWoo is a free word of mouth advertising system. The system uses the Facebook API for post advertising or promotional messages on users Facebook walls on their behalf, as return they get gifts and discounts. 
Commercial service that allows you to deliver your services and expertise over Skype-based calls. Provides  call initiation, billing and management. null deadpool,messaging, Commercial service that allows you to deliver your services and expertise over Skype-based calls. Provides  call initiation, billing and management.
All-in-one liberal iPhone app. null congress,government,iPhone,mobile,politics, All-in-one liberal iPhone app.
This mashup provides a new way of learning how to use Microsoft Virtual Earth map control APIs. Find the code you need by choosing the tasks you want to accomplish on your own page. null code,deadpool,javascript,mapping,reference, This mashup provides a new way of learning how to use Microsoft Virtual Earth map control APIs. Find the code you need by choosing the tasks you want to accomplish on your own page.
Listen to songs from your Pandora stations and see music from those artists ready to buy without leaving the page. null music,radio,shopping, Listen to songs from your Pandora stations and see music from those artists ready to buy without leaving the page.
Used by a private flying club, this system uses Twilio so that users can book the plane using their phone, and recieve notifications to booking changes through SMS null airplane,flying,messaging,sms,travel, Used by a private flying club, this system uses Twilio so that users can book the plane using their phone, and recieve notifications to booking changes through SMS
Get the weather via this all-Yahoo! mashup. null mapping,weather, Get the weather via this all-Yahoo! mashup.
Hide and Seek is a game for MSN Messenger. One player hides in a MSN Virtual Earth Map and the other has to find him. He can ask 20 questions to help clue-in. null deadpool,games,mapping,messaging,worldsbestapp, Hide and Seek is a game for MSN Messenger. One player hides in a MSN Virtual Earth Map and the other has to find him. He can ask 20 questions to help clue-in.
Community action meets environment meets mash up. An environmental group started by a 16 year old allows kids in New York to form teams to adopt buildings and report on how many light bulbs they are able to convert.  null activism,advocacy,energy,environment,mapping,nyc, Community action meets environment meets mash up. An environmental group started by a 16 year old allows kids in New York to form teams to adopt buildings and report on how many light bulbs they are able to convert. 
Worldwide vacation rental listings direct from owners. null mapping,realestate,travel, Worldwide vacation rental listings direct from owners.
Online ebook and bookstore. Book reviews and summaries database. Search, read and buy books on The Book Stash site. Available in English, French and Spanish. null amazon,books,deadpool,reviews,search, Online ebook and bookstore. Book reviews and summaries database. Search, read and buy books on The Book Stash site. Available in English, French and Spanish.
A site that lets you choose your Facebook pictures and it will automatically create a collage for you.  You can then post that onto Facebook or you can order that picture on and item like a mug, pillow, necklace, etc. null facebook,fun,photo,social, A site that lets you choose your Facebook pictures and it will automatically create a collage for you.  You can then post that onto Facebook or you can order that picture on and item like a mug, pillow, necklace, etc.
A map search for local businesses in Austin. Submit businesses and make comments. null business,local,mapping,search,travel, A map search for local businesses in Austin. Submit businesses and make comments.
Find your friends in a map, inside your social network. Post events, photos and videos in map. null deadpool,events,mapping,opensocial,photo,social, Find your friends in a map, inside your social network. Post events, photos and videos in map.
Populate your jplayer playlist with a bandcamp artist discography. null music,playlists, Populate your jplayer playlist with a bandcamp artist discography.
MusicMap is a regional music events guide that uses google maps, youtube videos, flickr photos, last.fm pictures and text, facebook connect and makes a  fusion of technology to produce a new kind of user experience. null mapping,music,photo, MusicMap is a regional music events guide that uses google maps, youtube videos, flickr photos, last.fm pictures and text, facebook connect and makes a  fusion of technology to produce a new kind of user experience.
iPhone app collecting all kinds of information on movies, actors, directors, using a variety of APIs. null iPhone,mobile,movies,social,video, iPhone app collecting all kinds of information on movies, actors, directors, using a variety of APIs.
Using Google Translate (Text to Speech) and Facebook, Status Speak allows you to listen to all your friends&#039; latest status updates for a given time period. null deadpool,social,telephony, Using Google Translate (Text to Speech) and Facebook, Status Speak allows you to listen to all your friends&#039; latest status updates for a given time period.
Furthere takes your Tweets and turns them into a smooth, comprehensive Weblog. So just tweet as you always tweet and enrich and elaborate your Tweets from time to time or aggregate them together with those of your friends. Combines over 10 APIs. null blog,microblogging,photo,slides,Translation, Furthere takes your Tweets and turns them into a smooth, comprehensive Weblog. So just tweet as you always tweet and enrich and elaborate your Tweets from time to time or aggregate them together with those of your friends. Combines over 10 APIs.
A travel-rental website that uses Bigtribe-Geohana and Google Maps to show point of interest information on Maui. null camping,deadpool,food,hawaii,travel, A travel-rental website that uses Bigtribe-Geohana and Google Maps to show point of interest information on Maui.
Find and rate hotties from Google Streetview. null mapping,photo,sex, Find and rate hotties from Google Streetview.
eSurvey is a mobile form management application, and through its integration with Box.net, users can upload their forms and results directly to a Box account. null deadpool,mobile,storage,survey, eSurvey is a mobile form management application, and through its integration with Box.net, users can upload their forms and results directly to a Box account.
Track reports of eminent domain law abuse in the United States. Also includes pinpoints for related events: rallies, meeting, protests, etc. null advocacy,deadpool,mapping,politics, Track reports of eminent domain law abuse in the United States. Also includes pinpoints for related events: rallies, meeting, protests, etc.
An alternate view of the eBay daily deals with extra information like quantity available and quantity sold.  null auction,shopping, An alternate view of the eBay daily deals with extra information like quantity available and quantity sold. 
Reads Data from Guardian API in JSON format. It uses the Google Web Tookit to parse, format and display data and Google App Engine to host the application. null GAE,GWT,news, Reads Data from Guardian API in JSON format. It uses the Google Web Tookit to parse, format and display data and Google App Engine to host the application.
Two mashups that link NYT bestseller lists to WorldCat libraries. null books,library, Two mashups that link NYT bestseller lists to WorldCat libraries.
gtalk/Jabber bot to show latest stock value from nasdaq. Add &quot;nasdaq-talk@appspot.com&quot; to your Gtalk/jabber friend list. After this you can ping it for the live stock by entering company symbol (eg. goog,aapl,adbe etc) null appengine,bots,chat,finance,stocks,xmpp, gtalk/Jabber bot to show latest stock value from nasdaq. Add &quot;nasdaq-talk@appspot.com&quot; to your Gtalk/jabber friend list. After this you can ping it for the live stock by entering company symbol (eg. goog,aapl,adbe etc)
A faster mobile interface to Gowalla. Wallabee helps provide check-ins that require less data. null deadpool,gps,iPhone,location,mobile, A faster mobile interface to Gowalla. Wallabee helps provide check-ins that require less data.
Wolfram|Alpha introduces a fundamentally new way to get knowledge and answersa?? not by searching the web, but by doing dynamic computations based on a vast collection of built-in data, algorithms, and methods. null search,tools, Wolfram|Alpha introduces a fundamentally new way to get knowledge and answersa?? not by searching the web, but by doing dynamic computations based on a vast collection of built-in data, algorithms, and methods.
Uses Zillow data to calculate the value of single-family homes in the U.S. Small widget suitable for placing on your Google home page. null deadpool,realestate,widgets, Uses Zillow data to calculate the value of single-family homes in the U.S. Small widget suitable for placing on your Google home page.
Mashes Google Maps with open data from Factual to show restaurants and their health code ratings. Code available on GitHub. null food,mapping,restaurant, Mashes Google Maps with open data from Factual to show restaurants and their health code ratings. Code available on GitHub.
Commercial application using the Google and Yahoo Advertising APIs (the old Overture APIs) for improving results on Yahoo Search and Google AdWords. null ads,deadpool, Commercial application using the Google and Yahoo Advertising APIs (the old Overture APIs) for improving results on Yahoo Search and Google AdWords.
View details and comment on California education, health and current legislation. Promotes collaboration by allowing users to submit ideas on how the government should spend taxpayer money. null appsforcalifornians,education,government,health, View details and comment on California education, health and current legislation. Promotes collaboration by allowing users to submit ideas on how the government should spend taxpayer money.
10Best provides its users with original, unbiased, and experiential travel content on top attractions, things to do, and restaurants for top destinations in the US and around the world. null recommendations,reviews,search,travel, 10Best provides its users with original, unbiased, and experiential travel content on top attractions, things to do, and restaurants for top destinations in the US and around the world.
Lets you receive weather updates over the phone. You have access to weather forecasts, temperature atmospheric conditions, wind, sunrise and sunset times and the ability to receive automatic updates. null telephony,Voice,weather, Lets you receive weather updates over the phone. You have access to weather forecasts, temperature atmospheric conditions, wind, sunrise and sunset times and the ability to receive automatic updates.
Your daily read, Big, Bold and configurable. Build your own Favorites list and then move back from that monitor. Morning coffee, Big & Bold, you&#039;re up to speed and good to go! null mapping,news,weather, Your daily read, Big, Bold and configurable. Build your own Favorites list and then move back from that monitor. Morning coffee, Big & Bold, you&#039;re up to speed and good to go!
A community for people to discover and share their passion for books. It provides an environment where people can collectively discuss books and share their collections with the community. null auction,books,messaging,search,shopping,social, A community for people to discover and share their passion for books. It provides an environment where people can collectively discuss books and share their collections with the community.
This mashup combines the RSS feeds of leading street culture blogs to one stream. Visitor can drag and drop individual feeds or browse the archives. null ajax,deadpool,news,rss, This mashup combines the RSS feeds of leading street culture blogs to one stream. Visitor can drag and drop individual feeds or browse the archives.
iKuExplorer is a desktop FREE personal productivity tool aimed to help users deal with the amount of information sources that use, letting link information freely, regardless where have it stored or its type, creating insformation sets that can also be shared. null productivity,sharing,tools, iKuExplorer is a desktop FREE personal productivity tool aimed to help users deal with the amount of information sources that use, letting link information freely, regardless where have it stored or its type, creating insformation sets that can also be shared.
Skype social network mashup. null chat,mapping,messaging,social, Skype social network mashup.
Allows users to create Blog posts on Blogger, LiveJournal, and WordPress directly from their Box.net accounts while sharing Box content. null blog,storage, Allows users to create Blog posts on Blogger, LiveJournal, and WordPress directly from their Box.net accounts while sharing Box content.
Type a text and to get translation results in many languages at the same time. null deadpool,Translation, Type a text and to get translation results in many languages at the same time.
An aggregator of dog food coupons where pet owners can search for deals and coupons for their favorite dog food brands.  null pets,search,shopping, An aggregator of dog food coupons where pet owners can search for deals and coupons for their favorite dog food brands. 
View reviews of stores, restaurants, bars and venues placed in context on a Google Map. null daily,deals,mapping,recommendations,reviews,social, View reviews of stores, restaurants, bars and venues placed in context on a Google Map.
Singles is an iPhone app for location-based dating. It builds on the Foursquare API to let users see and chat to other singles at the locations that they check into null dating,iPhone,location, Singles is an iPhone app for location-based dating. It builds on the Foursquare API to let users see and chat to other singles at the locations that they check into
Fertility calculator that also integrates with Google Calendar. null calendar,health,medical,pregnancy, Fertility calculator that also integrates with Google Calendar.
ShooSpy monitors what people are buying on Zappos in realtime. null realtime,reference,search,shopping, ShooSpy monitors what people are buying on Zappos in realtime.
Send order confirmations, delivery notices, stock changes or other updates via SMS to your Shopify customers. Built using Mediaburst SMS and Shopify APIs. null messaging,mobile,shopping,sms, Send order confirmations, delivery notices, stock changes or other updates via SMS to your Shopify customers. Built using Mediaburst SMS and Shopify APIs.
A new travel community where you can add your favourite spot and share it with others. Moderated to ensure quality. Includes over 20000 hotels. null deadpool,mapping,travel,wiki, A new travel community where you can add your favourite spot and share it with others. Moderated to ensure quality. Includes over 20000 hotels.
Displays Boise area real estate listings on Google Earth and Google Maps. Each listing is mapped with roof-top accuracy and the property lines are drawn. null deadpool,mapping,realestate, Displays Boise area real estate listings on Google Earth and Google Maps. Each listing is mapped with roof-top accuracy and the property lines are drawn.
Customized RSS feeds from Authentic Jobs. Find and filter jobs by type, location, company and keywords.  null deadpool,feeds,jobs,recruiting,rss, Customized RSS feeds from Authentic Jobs. Find and filter jobs by type, location, company and keywords. 
Loqly is a platform to discover places around you and ask/answer questions about local businesses. With Loqly, users can ask for business recommendations or search for a business and ask specific questions. The questions are directed to locals in the area and users get answers in real time. null answers,local,recommendations, Loqly is a platform to discover places around you and ask/answer questions about local businesses. With Loqly, users can ask for business recommendations or search for a business and ask specific questions. The questions are directed to locals in the area and users get answers in real time.
Instant map search for local weather and nearest hotels, foods, bars, parking, clinics etc. null instant,mapping,search, Instant map search for local weather and nearest hotels, foods, bars, parking, clinics etc.
Thounds Radio is a fun way to listen to Thounds library. null deadpool,music,radio, Thounds Radio is a fun way to listen to Thounds library.
Use this Business Finder to find local businesses. May be less need to use th old 411 service and spend .50 per call. null deadpool,messaging,retail,search, Use this Business Finder to find local businesses. May be less need to use th old 411 service and spend .50 per call.
A fast and anonymous meta search engine. Shows relevant Wikipedia articles and tweets. null ajax,search, A fast and anonymous meta search engine. Shows relevant Wikipedia articles and tweets.
Uses the data provided by the site to crowdsource which fantasy football players you should start. NOTE: Site is only up during football season null crowdsourcing,deadpool,football,fun,games,sports, Uses the data provided by the site to crowdsource which fantasy football players you should start. NOTE: Site is only up during football season
Mashup to get nformation about your local events. Uses Eventful and Google Maps. null events,local,mapping, Mashup to get nformation about your local events. Uses Eventful and Google Maps.
RadioHog allows for anyone to see what is playing on their favorite radio station. We also show you lyrics, album art, and the last ten songs played by any selected station.  null iPhone,lyrics,music,radio, RadioHog allows for anyone to see what is playing on their favorite radio station. We also show you lyrics, album art, and the last ten songs played by any selected station. 
Metajam is a mobile web site that provides you with quick facts and figures about the world of movies, music and TV. Metajam uses Freebase; freely licensed under CC-BY. Descriptions may include content from Wikipedia. With the exception of some images, Wikipedia content is licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License. null mobile,movies,music,reference,search,social, Metajam is a mobile web site that provides you with quick facts and figures about the world of movies, music and TV. Metajam uses Freebase; freely licensed under CC-BY. Descriptions may include content from Wikipedia. With the exception of some images, Wikipedia content is licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License.
eBay items on a Google Map, plus interactive photo gallery, email alerts of new items, greasemonkey script eBay integration, eBay toolkit in a Firefox extension, show items nearby, and more. null auction,mapping,photo,search,shopping,visualization, eBay items on a Google Map, plus interactive photo gallery, email alerts of new items, greasemonkey script eBay integration, eBay toolkit in a Firefox extension, show items nearby, and more.
This apple retail store map is a mashup experiment with Google Maps and jQuery library. The main chart shows the number of the apple retail store opened are grouped by year and month. null apple,deadpool,mapping, This apple retail store map is a mashup experiment with Google Maps and jQuery library. The main chart shows the number of the apple retail store opened are grouped by year and month.
CreditorWatch is an online community of Australian businesses who share information about bad debtors. Helps businesses make better credit decisions and provides  members an extra tool to recover outstanding debts prior to engaging in collections or legal action.  null creditors,finance,financial, CreditorWatch is an online community of Australian businesses who share information about bad debtors. Helps businesses make better credit decisions and provides  members an extra tool to recover outstanding debts prior to engaging in collections or legal action. 
Locate geotagged Flickr images, Tweets, Foursquare tips and YouTube videos using custom controls on a Google map. Isolate by business, point of interest or intersection. null deadpool,flickr,foursquare,geoapi,Twitter,youtube, Locate geotagged Flickr images, Tweets, Foursquare tips and YouTube videos using custom controls on a Google map. Isolate by business, point of interest or intersection.
Hycke helps you to discover what movie, tv show or music you should like, based on your tastes. With recommendations for movies, tv shows and music null discovery,movies,music,recommendations, Hycke helps you to discover what movie, tv show or music you should like, based on your tastes. With recommendations for movies, tv shows and music
DrawDoc makes links about each important keyword found by Yahoo Term Extraction to result of Wikipedia or Yahoo or Google and show pictures which are related to the keywords. null deadpool,photo,search, DrawDoc makes links about each important keyword found by Yahoo Term Extraction to result of Wikipedia or Yahoo or Google and show pictures which are related to the keywords.
Find NPR, National Public Radio, stations anywhere in the US with this handy refernece map. Integrated markers link to the Radio-Locator.com database of station details. null mapping,music,radio, Find NPR, National Public Radio, stations anywhere in the US with this handy refernece map. Integrated markers link to the Radio-Locator.com database of station details.
Integrates Google Maps with Amazon eCommerce book search to provide a fast way of drilling down and finding books for a specific city or country in a visual way. null amazon,books,deadpool,mapping,travel, Integrates Google Maps with Amazon eCommerce book search to provide a fast way of drilling down and finding books for a specific city or country in a visual way.
Glancely lets you search Etsy at a glance. Start typing and your search results appear instantly below. Hover over an image to get a closer look. Click to see the item on Etsy and buy it. Looking for something in a particular color? Just click one of the color icons to filter by that color. You can sort by price also.  null search,shopping,visualization, Glancely lets you search Etsy at a glance. Start typing and your search results appear instantly below. Hover over an image to get a closer look. Click to see the item on Etsy and buy it. Looking for something in a particular color? Just click one of the color icons to filter by that color. You can sort by price also. 
PORDL&#039;s API allows embedding of any RSS, Atom, or XML feed into any other site or blog. null atom,feed,rss,XML,XSL,xslt, PORDL&#039;s API allows embedding of any RSS, Atom, or XML feed into any other site or blog.
Using this service, users can obtain the latest deals on all Domestic and International flights from SideStep. This service is available on cell phones - SMS, email and wap. null messaging,mobile,travel, Using this service, users can obtain the latest deals on all Domestic and International flights from SideStep. This service is available on cell phones - SMS, email and wap.
Interesting application, or hack as author Premshree Pillai says, that shows you sites close to a given URL. Go to GeoURL.org for more examples. null mapping, Interesting application, or hack as author Premshree Pillai says, that shows you sites close to a given URL. Go to GeoURL.org for more examples.
Food search engine powered by local experts and bloggers. null food,photo,restaurant,search, Food search engine powered by local experts and bloggers.
Support Ticket add-on for Basecamp project management. null deadpool,project-management, Support Ticket add-on for Basecamp project management.
An example of how to integrate the Twitter Streaming API, Pusher and Pusher WebHooks. More info at http://blog.pusher.com/2011/12/7/filtrand-a-demo-webhooks null social,webhooks,websockets, An example of how to integrate the Twitter Streaming API, Pusher and Pusher WebHooks. More info at http://blog.pusher.com/2011/12/7/filtrand-a-demo-webhooks
Check on the availability of Brazil (.BR) domain names right from your Google homepage with this Google Gadget. null domains,search,widgets, Check on the availability of Brazil (.BR) domain names right from your Google homepage with this Google Gadget.
Working directly with Primal&#039;s data service, the plugin automatically builds rich interest graphs around your pages, filtering news and information from across the Web. Contextual links to matching related content are displayed to your visitors, embedded alongside your post. Think of it as a personalized recommendation engine that promotes similarly themed content to your readers. This means real-time delivery of suggested content to your site&#039;s audience! null content,graph,interest,news,personalize,recommendations, Working directly with Primal&#039;s data service, the plugin automatically builds rich interest graphs around your pages, filtering news and information from across the Web. Contextual links to matching related content are displayed to your visitors, embedded alongside your post. Think of it as a personalized recommendation engine that promotes similarly themed content to your readers. This means real-time delivery of suggested content to your site&#039;s audience!
This Serena Business Mashup provides a means of controlling duplicate account records in Salesforce.com by coordinating the de-duplication process. null CRM,deadpool,enterprise,sales,Serena,tools, This Serena Business Mashup provides a means of controlling duplicate account records in Salesforce.com by coordinating the de-duplication process.
Combyo.com aggregates shopping deals coupons from top deal sites like Fatwallet, Slickdeals, Shopzilla and others. It presents them with real-time price comparison side by side. Combyo.com visitors can also set price alerts. null bargains,combyo,deals,hotdeals,shopping, Combyo.com aggregates shopping deals coupons from top deal sites like Fatwallet, Slickdeals, Shopzilla and others. It presents them with real-time price comparison side by side. Combyo.com visitors can also set price alerts.
This app is a mashup of Google Maps, an already existing Tropo application for Delaware transit locations and Phono. Since all of the Phono, Google Maps and jQuery pieces run in the client, there is no server-side logic need to make this application work. It???s all JavaScript.  null deadpool,Delaware,gov,telephony, This app is a mashup of Google Maps, an already existing Tropo application for Delaware transit locations and Phono. Since all of the Phono, Google Maps and jQuery pieces run in the client, there is no server-side logic need to make this application work. It???s all JavaScript. 
MyPunchbowl.com is a new website that provides an easy, comprehensive, and personal way to plan an at-home party. MyPunchbowl includes a useful mashup of party stores searchable by zip code, displayed on a google map. null contacts,events,mapping,photo,video, MyPunchbowl.com is a new website that provides an easy, comprehensive, and personal way to plan an at-home party. MyPunchbowl includes a useful mashup of party stores searchable by zip code, displayed on a google map.
Mapify answers the question &quot;What&#039;s Happening Nearby?&quot; by showing local events as points on a map. null entertainment,local,mapping, Mapify answers the question &quot;What&#039;s Happening Nearby?&quot; by showing local events as points on a map.
Displays the hometowns of the Tanglewood Music Centers 157 fellows, who come from 18 contries and 5 continents. Options include viewing by instrument/field of study, or entire class plotted at once. null deadpool,education,mapping,music, Displays the hometowns of the Tanglewood Music Centers 157 fellows, who come from 18 contries and 5 continents. Options include viewing by instrument/field of study, or entire class plotted at once.
Find friends from your other social networks on Facebook and send them friend requests instantly! null contacts,friendfinder,payed,socialgraph,sync, Find friends from your other social networks on Facebook and send them friend requests instantly!
Uses Google API to go instantly to &quot;I&#039;m feeling lucky&quot; result below the search. It&#039;s inspired by Google Instant and YouTube Instant. null deadpool,instant,search, Uses Google API to go instantly to &quot;I&#039;m feeling lucky&quot; result below the search. It&#039;s inspired by Google Instant and YouTube Instant.
The most fun way to pick a restaurant near you. Enter your zip, enter a cuisine, and let the Wheel of Food determine where to eat today. Inspired mashup. null food,fun,games,search, The most fun way to pick a restaurant near you. Enter your zip, enter a cuisine, and let the Wheel of Food determine where to eat today. Inspired mashup.
Web-based version of the SuperPages. Uses Virtual Earth mapping technology to find businesses and services in your area. Driving directions, hours, and more are provided. Good wifi finder. null mapping,phone,shopping,wifi, Web-based version of the SuperPages. Uses Virtual Earth mapping technology to find businesses and services in your area. Driving directions, hours, and more are provided. Good wifi finder.
An interactive 3D community portal to downtown Plymouth Michigan. It allows the business community, municipality, local school system, non-profits and newspapers to contribute content about what is happening in the local community. null 3d,local,mapping,michigan,social, An interactive 3D community portal to downtown Plymouth Michigan. It allows the business community, municipality, local school system, non-profits and newspapers to contribute content about what is happening in the local community.
Happenic is a calendar application that aggregates events from a number of public APIs and organizes them by category, location and cost. It provides a simple and easy-to-use interface to find out what is happening around you. null events,reference,social, Happenic is a calendar application that aggregates events from a number of public APIs and organizes them by category, location and cost. It provides a simple and easy-to-use interface to find out what is happening around you.
Yoga Accessories shopping using the Amazon.com catalog. null deadpool,shopping,sports,yoga, Yoga Accessories shopping using the Amazon.com catalog.
Connect your social media sites and Journamatic creates a daily journal automatically from your check-ins, photos, tweets and status updates. null diary,journal,reference,search,social, Connect your social media sites and Journamatic creates a daily journal automatically from your check-ins, photos, tweets and status updates.
Blog based on your location. Users can request posts based on their location or subscribe to RSS feeds. It also provides a way for users to enrich their blogs with Yahoo Pipes. null blogs,deadpool,mapping,rss,sms, Blog based on your location. Users can request posts based on their location or subscribe to RSS feeds. It also provides a way for users to enrich their blogs with Yahoo Pipes.
Indonesia Job Listing using Indeed API.   null indeed,indonesia,job,listing, Indonesia Job Listing using Indeed API.  
Learn a lot about your web site with this mashup. Check the incoming links, the directories a domain is in, its PageRank, and more with this domain-info script. null bookmarks,internet,search,SEO, Learn a lot about your web site with this mashup. Check the incoming links, the directories a domain is in, its PageRank, and more with this domain-info script.
This lightweight music search page uses the SNOCAP MySpace Search API to display results along with embeddable Flash player. null flash,music,search, This lightweight music search page uses the SNOCAP MySpace Search API to display results along with embeddable Flash player.
Real-time electricity price in your home from whatsmypower.com. Get the latest real-time electricity price in your home from whatsmypower.com. You can see what you&#039;re paying for electricity real-time. null energy,reference, Real-time electricity price in your home from whatsmypower.com. Get the latest real-time electricity price in your home from whatsmypower.com. You can see what you&#039;re paying for electricity real-time.
Real estate listings from eBay plotted on a Google Map. null mapping,realestate, Real estate listings from eBay plotted on a Google Map.
The Kiva plugin for Wordpress lets people raise the visibility of Kiva by displaying loans in the fundraising stage with a link donate. null finance,lending,microfinance,money,nonprofits,wordpress, The Kiva plugin for Wordpress lets people raise the visibility of Kiva by displaying loans in the fundraising stage with a link donate.
Shows off the new features of Virtual Earth 3D. Users search for, or load via GeoRSS, interesting views within Virtual Earth 3D and then share them out via E-mail links. The first live application using the VE 3D map control. null 3d,deadpool,mapping,search,visualization, Shows off the new features of Virtual Earth 3D. Users search for, or load via GeoRSS, interesting views within Virtual Earth 3D and then share them out via E-mail links. The first live application using the VE 3D map control.
A tourism and venue website. Brings together thousands of audio, video, and PDF files about places to visit in over 20 countries. Uses RSS feeds and Google Maps. null mapping,podcasts,rss,travel,video, A tourism and venue website. Brings together thousands of audio, video, and PDF files about places to visit in over 20 countries. Uses RSS feeds and Google Maps.
fflap is a collection of tools and services that uses social networks as a platform for eBay. The basic tools enable a user to search for listings, select the relevant items to tell their social networks about, add a personalized message, schedule when to inform social networks then track and graphically report the success of the fflapped message through bidding to sale.  null auction,search,shopping,social, fflap is a collection of tools and services that uses social networks as a platform for eBay. The basic tools enable a user to search for listings, select the relevant items to tell their social networks about, add a personalized message, schedule when to inform social networks then track and graphically report the success of the fflapped message through bidding to sale. 
Interactive map, heatmaps, a geo-location mobile version, data feeds, and detail pages of every Cleanup Site and Permitted Facility from the CA Department of Toxic Substances Control Datasets.   null appsforcalifornians,california,environment,green,mapping, Interactive map, heatmaps, a geo-location mobile version, data feeds, and detail pages of every Cleanup Site and Permitted Facility from the CA Department of Toxic Substances Control Datasets.  
A pure Java replacement for the Last.fm player software. Plays and records Last.fm stations and local mp3-Files, shows artist slideshow, song lyrics and more. null audio,lyrics,mp3,music,Ripper,streaming, A pure Java replacement for the Last.fm player software. Plays and records Last.fm stations and local mp3-Files, shows artist slideshow, song lyrics and more.
Add a Fast Forward button to your browser. Pressing it forwards you to the top page people visited next. It is like Amazon recommendations for webpages.  We mash up attention data to figure out what is popular on the Internet. null deadpool,news,photo,recommendations,video, Add a Fast Forward button to your browser. Pressing it forwards you to the top page people visited next. It is like Amazon recommendations for webpages.  We mash up attention data to figure out what is popular on the Internet.
Mashes up last.fm user data with LyricWiki lyrics for a user to easily see lyrics for a song. If lyrics cannot be fetched, they can be added by the users in a wiki-like fashion. null lyrics,music,social,wiki, Mashes up last.fm user data with LyricWiki lyrics for a user to easily see lyrics for a song. If lyrics cannot be fetched, they can be added by the users in a wiki-like fashion.
Used to highlight countries you have visited. Supports Google Maps and Google Earth with a browser plugin. Provides an embeddable HTML code so bloggers and website owners can embed it into their site. No need to register.  null mapping,travel, Used to highlight countries you have visited. Supports Google Maps and Google Earth with a browser plugin. Provides an embeddable HTML code so bloggers and website owners can embed it into their site. No need to register. 
This mashup allows Box.net users to edit picture files in their Box accounts using Picnik, then save them directly back to Box. null photo,storage, This mashup allows Box.net users to edit picture files in their Box accounts using Picnik, then save them directly back to Box.
Google Search in 2 separate languages.  2lingual Google Search is a dual-language search tool that performs both a Google Search and a Cross-language Google Search. It also provides a query translation option that can be activated or deactivated for Cross-language Google Searches. The top-ranking Google Search Results from 2 user-selected search languages are displayed in side-by-side columns.  Other Features include Search Suggestions, Rich Snippets and 37 Google Search Languages. null Bilingual,google,language,multilingual,search,Translation, Google Search in 2 separate languages.  2lingual Google Search is a dual-language search tool that performs both a Google Search and a Cross-language Google Search. It also provides a query translation option that can be activated or deactivated for Cross-language Google Searches. The top-ranking Google Search Results from 2 user-selected search languages are displayed in side-by-side columns.  Other Features include Search Suggestions, Rich Snippets and 37 Google Search Languages.
Centralized environment to efficiently manage your online advertisement campaigns no matter which network you are using for your messages. Open source. null Advertisement,business,campaign,deadpool,marketing,source, Centralized environment to efficiently manage your online advertisement campaigns no matter which network you are using for your messages. Open source.
Fly into a series of locations around the world. Cycles through scenes every 60 seconds. Requires IE plugin. null 3d,mapping, Fly into a series of locations around the world. Cycles through scenes every 60 seconds. Requires IE plugin.
Discover related artists based on a particular artist you enjoy, sort of a quick &quot;&quot;Pandora&quot;&quot; style suggestion. The key aspect is that it&#039;s universally accessible by SMS. null deadpool,music,recommendations,sms, Discover related artists based on a particular artist you enjoy, sort of a quick &quot;&quot;Pandora&quot;&quot; style suggestion. The key aspect is that it&#039;s universally accessible by SMS.
TodoToday is a todo list application to show current due and overdue tasks from the online task management tool Doit.im. null mobile,reference,todo, TodoToday is a todo list application to show current due and overdue tasks from the online task management tool Doit.im.
Shows recent opinionated quotes in the news about a given topic. Use it to find out what the pundits are saying about an issue. null deadpool,news, Shows recent opinionated quotes in the news about a given topic. Use it to find out what the pundits are saying about an issue.
Locago is a mobile framework with an open API for third party content. GPS enable, turn-by-turn navigation, global map coverage and supported by 105+ different phone models. 45+ different content layers available in Locago. null content,Directions,gps,map, Locago is a mobile framework with an open API for third party content. GPS enable, turn-by-turn navigation, global map coverage and supported by 105+ different phone models. 45+ different content layers available in Locago.
WebLS provides an alternative way of browsing the web. It uses the Yahoo Search Engine API to build a file tree for a specified URL and lets you browse through it null internet,search,visualization, WebLS provides an alternative way of browsing the web. It uses the Yahoo Search Engine API to build a file tree for a specified URL and lets you browse through it
The Energy Map visualizes energy-related data null energy,mapping,visualization, The Energy Map visualizes energy-related data
Typographic news explorer using a doodled line as an interface. null news,visualization, Typographic news explorer using a doodled line as an interface.
A music discovery mashup that merges Last.fm, Audioscrobbler, artists with SeeqPod audio search results for discovering new music based on artists you already know. This version is optimized for the iPhone. null iPhone,music,search, A music discovery mashup that merges Last.fm, Audioscrobbler, artists with SeeqPod audio search results for discovering new music based on artists you already know. This version is optimized for the iPhone.
Agenzy.com is a comparison shopping site that has products from 4,000 stores. Shoppers can also save money by searching hot deals and coupons, free shipping deals, shopping the sale page and other features. Uses 8 different APIs.  null bargains,shopping,video, Agenzy.com is a comparison shopping site that has products from 4,000 stores. Shoppers can also save money by searching hot deals and coupons, free shipping deals, shopping the sale page and other features. Uses 8 different APIs. 
Play music videos of artists continuously, sync them between YouTube and local iTunes, and sync them with your iPod or iPhone. Also provides video playlists based on top ranking of iTMS and other sources. null deadpool,iPhone,mp3,music,video, Play music videos of artists continuously, sync them between YouTube and local iTunes, and sync them with your iPod or iPhone. Also provides video playlists based on top ranking of iTMS and other sources.
Interact with music, videos, images and news about artists. null lyrics,music, Interact with music, videos, images and news about artists.
Desktop Blog Client that integrates many RSS and Web Services for creating blog content. null blog,bookmarks,deadpool,photo, Desktop Blog Client that integrates many RSS and Web Services for creating blog content.
Allows Box.net users to share files from their Box accounts using TimeBridge, where they can discuss and collaborate around them in real-time with other users. null collaboration,realtime,storage, Allows Box.net users to share files from their Box accounts using TimeBridge, where they can discuss and collaborate around them in real-time with other users.
Search homes, get estimates, view Walk Score and Yelp listings and plot them all using Google Maps. null mapping,realestate,search,visualization, Search homes, get estimates, view Walk Score and Yelp listings and plot them all using Google Maps.
Subscribe to your friends on Twitter and receive their twits on your Notifixious channels.	   null deadpool,messaging,notification,Twitter, Subscribe to your friends on Twitter and receive their twits on your Notifixious channels.	  
Based on Kieden, this combination allows Salesforce.com customers to manage the entire Google AdWords process from creating ads, placing bids, through to tracking ROI. null ads,deadpool,enterprise, Based on Kieden, this combination allows Salesforce.com customers to manage the entire Google AdWords process from creating ads, placing bids, through to tracking ROI.
Displays a slide show of your photos and photos shared by your friends on KoffeePhoto your Netvibes page. null deadpool,photo,widgets, Displays a slide show of your photos and photos shared by your friends on KoffeePhoto your Netvibes page.
Novel use of Yahoo Image Search to test your memory. Type in a search term and 28 tiles appear. Click on tile to see an image and as quickly as possible find the tile with matching image. From Nisse Bryngfors. null games, Novel use of Yahoo Image Search to test your memory. Type in a search term and 28 tiles appear. Click on tile to see an image and as quickly as possible find the tile with matching image. From Nisse Bryngfors.
The Twitter streaming API is used to deliver real-time stock tips from the highest ranked Twitter stock market experts. Get the details on today&#039;s most tweeted stocks, tags, and URLs. null finance,microblogging,stocks,Twitter, The Twitter streaming API is used to deliver real-time stock tips from the highest ranked Twitter stock market experts. Get the details on today&#039;s most tweeted stocks, tags, and URLs.
Lets people reprint public domain books from Internet Archive and Google Books. null books,printing, Lets people reprint public domain books from Internet Archive and Google Books.
VOZIQ provides social media analytics solutions delivering insights into what customers and prospects discuss on social media sites. VOZIQ helps you stay focused on measurable results with a closed loop approach that includes tools to benchmark how you compare against your competitors, identify areas of opportunity, develop action plans, and track your success, all in one platform.   Try our instant social media search and build a dashboard in seconds to see for yourself how easy it is to listen to online conversations and develop insights with VOZIQ platform at http://www.voziq.com  null analytics,dashboard,media,monitoring,social, VOZIQ provides social media analytics solutions delivering insights into what customers and prospects discuss on social media sites. VOZIQ helps you stay focused on measurable results with a closed loop approach that includes tools to benchmark how you compare against your competitors, identify areas of opportunity, develop action plans, and track your success, all in one platform.   Try our instant social media search and build a dashboard in seconds to see for yourself how easy it is to listen to online conversations and develop insights with VOZIQ platform at http://www.voziq.com 
Trabber is a travel search engine that integrate Google maps in several functionalities. null mapping,travel, Trabber is a travel search engine that integrate Google maps in several functionalities.
Mashup of Citysearch and Google Maps to help find the best restaurants, hotels, nightlife, shopping and services in major US cities as voted on Citysearch.com. null citysearch,food,mapping,nightlife,shopping,travel, Mashup of Citysearch and Google Maps to help find the best restaurants, hotels, nightlife, shopping and services in major US cities as voted on Citysearch.com.
A generative artwork that explores how advertising uses and manipulates language. Real corporate slogans are remixed and randomized to generate invented slogans, then paired with Flickr images, generating fake advertisements on the fly. null ads,art,photo, A generative artwork that explores how advertising uses and manipulates language. Real corporate slogans are remixed and randomized to generate invented slogans, then paired with Flickr images, generating fake advertisements on the fly.
A giant, inclusive, user-generated nerd map of nerdy funtime destinations. From sea forts to abandoned nuclear bunkers, dead victorian racecourses, roads that are falling into the ground, narrow gauge railways and more. null mapping,social,visualization, A giant, inclusive, user-generated nerd map of nerdy funtime destinations. From sea forts to abandoned nuclear bunkers, dead victorian racecourses, roads that are falling into the ground, narrow gauge railways and more.
Instantly create mashups between two different Youtube videos. null fun,search,social,video, Instantly create mashups between two different Youtube videos.
This mashup uses Google Maps to display a detailed illustration of the Vinexpo 2013 facilities. This allows visitors to easily find exactly what they are looking for.  null events,mapping,tools, This mashup uses Google Maps to display a detailed illustration of the Vinexpo 2013 facilities. This allows visitors to easily find exactly what they are looking for. 
Using LetMeGo, travelers identify lodging they like and either book accommodations instantly, or submit an itinerary to receive offers from competing hosts. null auction,reference,search,shopping,travel, Using LetMeGo, travelers identify lodging they like and either book accommodations instantly, or submit an itinerary to receive offers from competing hosts.
MyToGo allows any phone to call Skype names for free or call telehone numbers using Skype from any phone at Skype rates. No client software on phone is required. Works with iPhones. null iPhone,telephony,Voice, MyToGo allows any phone to call Skype names for free or call telehone numbers using Skype from any phone at Skype rates. No client software on phone is required. Works with iPhones.
Customized interface into Yahoo Search specializing in video game news. null deadpool,games,search, Customized interface into Yahoo Search specializing in video game news.
A community repository for trails of all sorts. Hiking, Mountain Biking, Running, Road Rides, City Tours, etc.  Post Trails, Directions and Photos. null biking,hiking,mapping,running,sports,trails, A community repository for trails of all sorts. Hiking, Mountain Biking, Running, Road Rides, City Tours, etc.  Post Trails, Directions and Photos.
The EVDB (now Eventful) API combined with MS MapPoint creates a mini-map (Feedmap) showing bloggers and events nearby a particular blogger. null blog,events,mapping, The EVDB (now Eventful) API combined with MS MapPoint creates a mini-map (Feedmap) showing bloggers and events nearby a particular blogger.
FairSpin collects all the latest news and opinion from across the web and uses community votes to organize results from left (liberal) to right (conservative). Get a full picture of today&#039;s news.  null deadpool,news,reference,rss,search, FairSpin collects all the latest news and opinion from across the web and uses community votes to organize results from left (liberal) to right (conservative). Get a full picture of today&#039;s news. 
Drawloop lets you merge and automate document creation. Drawloop???s service can increase efficiency, improve close rates and increase revenue by allowing sales reps to electronically create dynamic document packages or DDPs. Uses DocuSign, Saleforce APIs. null Automate,documents,enterprise,esignature,MergeDocs, Drawloop lets you merge and automate document creation. Drawloop???s service can increase efficiency, improve close rates and increase revenue by allowing sales reps to electronically create dynamic document packages or DDPs. Uses DocuSign, Saleforce APIs.
It enables users to SMS their Mailchimp subscribers while benefiting from Nexmo?s wholesale rates and direct to carrier model in over 200 countries. null contacts,email,mobile,sms, It enables users to SMS their Mailchimp subscribers while benefiting from Nexmo?s wholesale rates and direct to carrier model in over 200 countries.
Provides tracking information of FedEx packages, with visualized package locations on Google Maps. null mapping,package,postal,tracking, Provides tracking information of FedEx packages, with visualized package locations on Google Maps.
It&#039;s twitter translated to 40+ languages. null language,microblogging,social,Translation, It&#039;s twitter translated to 40+ languages.
This app allows you to exchange contact cards with your friend. Enter your name, organization, phone, web address, favorite quote and picture - and app will create a nice looking contact card. null chat,deadpool, This app allows you to exchange contact cards with your friend. Enter your name, organization, phone, web address, favorite quote and picture - and app will create a nice looking contact card.
Fedtastic is a dynamic portal to government information that features a unique menu structure which facilitates visual access to the data. It is also modular and expandable. Menus are external to the program as are the modules that process the data. null deadpool,gov,government,jquery,mapping,news, Fedtastic is a dynamic portal to government information that features a unique menu structure which facilitates visual access to the data. It is also modular and expandable. Menus are external to the program as are the modules that process the data.
Japanese music blog that integrates videos via the MTV API. null deadpool,music, Japanese music blog that integrates videos via the MTV API.
A social bookmarking search mashup. Allows users to query the various social bookmarking web applications by URL Search and Tag Search. null bookmarks,deadpool,photo,search, A social bookmarking search mashup. Allows users to query the various social bookmarking web applications by URL Search and Tag Search.
Find people looking to chat.  Shows you all of Userplane&#039;s live chat activity on a map, broken down by their chatrooms. null chat,deadpool,mapping, Find people looking to chat.  Shows you all of Userplane&#039;s live chat activity on a map, broken down by their chatrooms.
Find and map the Craigslist yard sales near you. Find, organize, and print directions to yard sales in your area. You can make live updates to your itinerary to find the fastest route. null bargains,craigslist,mapping,sales,shopping, Find and map the Craigslist yard sales near you. Find, organize, and print directions to yard sales in your area. You can make live updates to your itinerary to find the fastest route.
Molu gets a facelift. It searches in more than 25 websites and thus making it a powerbomb in terms of keywords and tag search. null bookmarks,flickr,photo,search,video,youtube, Molu gets a facelift. It searches in more than 25 websites and thus making it a powerbomb in terms of keywords and tag search.
Video classifieds site that connects the local community and assists sellers and buyers in making transactions via videos.  null classifieds,mapping,shopping,video, Video classifieds site that connects the local community and assists sellers and buyers in making transactions via videos. 
Track your friends and unfriends on a chart. Keep a log of all your friend activity.   null chart,facebook,friends,google,Unfriend,unfriended, Track your friends and unfriends on a chart. Keep a log of all your friend activity.  
Finda Park was started as a fun app just to allow people to find parks in the Seattle area using their zip code. This app uses open data from data.seattle.gov.  null mapping,reference,search,telephony, Finda Park was started as a fun app just to allow people to find parks in the Seattle area using their zip code. This app uses open data from data.seattle.gov. 
Tracks Amazon product pricing. Graphs the last 30 changes, as well as all-time pricing. Allows you to set up email alerts for when a product hits your desired price. null bargains,deadpool,shopping,trends,visualization, Tracks Amazon product pricing. Graphs the last 30 changes, as well as all-time pricing. Allows you to set up email alerts for when a product hits your desired price.
The National Football Post is where news, information and insight come together through voices of experienced NFL executives, agents, and current and former NFL players. null football,news,sports, The National Football Post is where news, information and insight come together through voices of experienced NFL executives, agents, and current and former NFL players.
Uses the Google Earth Plugin on a number of pages for 3d representations and virtual tours of the area&#039;s mountains and lakes.  Includes 3d hiking routes of many Lakeland Fells. null 3d,mapping,travel,uk,walking, Uses the Google Earth Plugin on a number of pages for 3d representations and virtual tours of the area&#039;s mountains and lakes.  Includes 3d hiking routes of many Lakeland Fells.
Lets you see all the links from any Twitter timeline (user + his/her friends). null internet,microblogging,social, Lets you see all the links from any Twitter timeline (user + his/her friends).
A 360 degree view of a location while organizing a vacation or business trip. Uses 8 different APIs. null mapping,photo,reference,travel,weather, A 360 degree view of a location while organizing a vacation or business trip. Uses 8 different APIs.
Free safe DNS server with malware protection by Google Safe Browsing. null deadpool,DNS,internet,security, Free safe DNS server with malware protection by Google Safe Browsing.
Automagical.ly is a free service that monitors stuff you&#039;re interested in and notifies you when things happen. null alerts,integration,monitoring,notifications,social, Automagical.ly is a free service that monitors stuff you&#039;re interested in and notifies you when things happen.
Find out what your home is worth using this home valuation tool. Produced using APIs from Zillow, Trulia, HomeGain, eppraisal, and OnBoard to provide home valuations and comparable sales. null realestate, Find out what your home is worth using this home valuation tool. Produced using APIs from Zillow, Trulia, HomeGain, eppraisal, and OnBoard to provide home valuations and comparable sales.
Provides subscription-based and on-demand information alerts to your jabber based IM (e.g., Google Talk). Just add loonybot@appspot.com as a buddy in your IM. null alerts,deadpool,messaging,social, Provides subscription-based and on-demand information alerts to your jabber based IM (e.g., Google Talk). Just add loonybot@appspot.com as a buddy in your IM.
A UK property service that launched in January 2008 and has an audience of about 1m unique visitors per month. null mapping,realestate,uk, A UK property service that launched in January 2008 and has an audience of about 1m unique visitors per month.
Tarpipe simplifies adding, sharing, and moving content among the web services by allowing you to define a repeatable, automatic workflow. The Evernote integration allows you to add and extract content into your Evernote account. null notes,workflow, Tarpipe simplifies adding, sharing, and moving content among the web services by allowing you to define a repeatable, automatic workflow. The Evernote integration allows you to add and extract content into your Evernote account.
User editable encyclopedia of knowledge on Boston. Povo is a place where locals can share?and gather firsthand insights about anything and everything that makes Boston so unique. null 3d,boston,mapping,photo,streetview, User editable encyclopedia of knowledge on Boston. Povo is a place where locals can share?and gather firsthand insights about anything and everything that makes Boston so unique.
A visually rich application that combines the Amazon API to show the relationship between movies, bands, actors, etc. You can go straight from interacting to making purchases. null search,shopping, A visually rich application that combines the Amazon API to show the relationship between movies, bands, actors, etc. You can go straight from interacting to making purchases.
Basic mashup that combines news from and on Africa with weather info and photographs. null africa,deadpool,news,weather, Basic mashup that combines news from and on Africa with weather info and photographs.
Get real time after hours quote from Nasdaq.com on your mobile phone using SMS, WAP or Email. Use the keyword afterhr followed by the stock symbol. null finance,mobile,sms,stocks,WAP, Get real time after hours quote from Nasdaq.com on your mobile phone using SMS, WAP or Email. Use the keyword afterhr followed by the stock symbol.
The missing iPhone app for Jigsaw. null contacts,CRM,enterprise,iPhone,jobs,mobile, The missing iPhone app for Jigsaw.
Lets a business share docs from their Microsoft SkyDrive over SMS via Twilio. Go to the app which is running on Windows Azure, set which SkyDrive account to use, and select a public file to share over SMS. Customers (incl. potential customers) can call the Twilio number associated with the #docs deployment and text &quot;link&quot; to get a link to whatever doc you&#039;re currently sharing (for deals, specials, marketing info, etc.)  For the sample #docs deployment, call my Twilio number (415)599-2671, enter passcode &quot;7392-3266&quot;, and message &quot;link&quot;. null Data,docs,social,tools, Lets a business share docs from their Microsoft SkyDrive over SMS via Twilio. Go to the app which is running on Windows Azure, set which SkyDrive account to use, and select a public file to share over SMS. Customers (incl. potential customers) can call the Twilio number associated with the #docs deployment and text &quot;link&quot; to get a link to whatever doc you&#039;re currently sharing (for deals, specials, marketing info, etc.)  For the sample #docs deployment, call my Twilio number (415)599-2671, enter passcode &quot;7392-3266&quot;, and message &quot;link&quot;.
SendMusic2.Me is a great tool for getting best music from friends. null fun,music,social,tools, SendMusic2.Me is a great tool for getting best music from friends.
Learn10 was built to help people create a daily learning habit. The ethos is simple - once you become a member of Learn10 you will automatically be sent short, daily learning tasks - such as 10 new words in a foreign language. null education,language,learning,sla, Learn10 was built to help people create a daily learning habit. The ethos is simple - once you become a member of Learn10 you will automatically be sent short, daily learning tasks - such as 10 new words in a foreign language.
Predict and Share the outcome of 2012 US Presidential Elections null election,mapping,politics, Predict and Share the outcome of 2012 US Presidential Elections
Quickoffice Connect is a mobile document editing suite, and its integration with Box.net allows users to load, edit, and save files in their Box accounts within Quickoffice. null enterprise,storage, Quickoffice Connect is a mobile document editing suite, and its integration with Box.net allows users to load, edit, and save files in their Box accounts within Quickoffice.
AML Source is a highly focused job board for anti-money laundering (AML) professionals. null crime,financial,job-search,jobs,money, AML Source is a highly focused job board for anti-money laundering (AML) professionals.
Social Media Optimization for Business. Smo.io links publisher with consumers in an optimized and monitored way through Social Media Sites. null analytics,social,syndication, Social Media Optimization for Business. Smo.io links publisher with consumers in an optimized and monitored way through Social Media Sites.
FrenSync.com is a platform for users, the frens, to collaborate and disseminate information readily using  maps,photos,tags and videos. It provides many features such as SnapShots and SyncLinks to allow users to share through personal blogs and websites. null deadpool,mapping,photo,video, FrenSync.com is a platform for users, the frens, to collaborate and disseminate information readily using  maps,photos,tags and videos. It provides many features such as SnapShots and SyncLinks to allow users to share through personal blogs and websites.
Geolocated presentation of World stock indices daily changes (thanks to Bloomberg.com). Intraday data are at least 15 minutes delayed. null asia,finance,mapping, Geolocated presentation of World stock indices daily changes (thanks to Bloomberg.com). Intraday data are at least 15 minutes delayed.
A toy that analyses song lyrics and poetry to create a mosaic of appropriate photos. IE only. null deadpool,photo, A toy that analyses song lyrics and poetry to create a mosaic of appropriate photos. IE only.
Maps the addresses of your Windows Live Contacts from Messenger, Mail, etc., using Virtual Earth null contacts,deadpool,mapping,pim, Maps the addresses of your Windows Live Contacts from Messenger, Mail, etc., using Virtual Earth
A retailer of ceiling fans and lighting products uses FedEx and UPS to track packages, as well as Authorize.Net customer information management. null CRM,shipping,shopping, A retailer of ceiling fans and lighting products uses FedEx and UPS to track packages, as well as Authorize.Net customer information management.
Searchable news about the Chinese economy, government and culture. null blog,china,forum,news,search,video, Searchable news about the Chinese economy, government and culture.
Search and booking of about 100,000 hotels worldwide. Hotels are retrieved and combined through 7 independent hotel providers. XML services provided by Flickr, Panoramio, YouTube, WeatherBug, Google and more. A fast and modern hotel booking application. null hotels,mapping,photos,travel,video,weather, Search and booking of about 100,000 hotels worldwide. Hotels are retrieved and combined through 7 independent hotel providers. XML services provided by Flickr, Panoramio, YouTube, WeatherBug, Google and more. A fast and modern hotel booking application.
Sound and video search from soundcloud, youtube, and dailymotion. null music,search,video, Sound and video search from soundcloud, youtube, and dailymotion.
Live eBay Real Estate listings with Google Maps. Includes USA Top 100 Bid Count List, along with regional Top 50 Lists. null auction,mapping,realestate, Live eBay Real Estate listings with Google Maps. Includes USA Top 100 Bid Count List, along with regional Top 50 Lists.
Wundrbar is an app for quick search, reference, news, travel, local info, and more.  Wundrbar for iPhone is basically a super-app providing access to over 50 different services, all from one place. null iPhone,local,news,reference,search,travel, Wundrbar is an app for quick search, reference, news, travel, local info, and more.  Wundrbar for iPhone is basically a super-app providing access to over 50 different services, all from one place.
Julian Bond maps his Skype contacts. Site includes useful commentary on how the map was programmed. null chat,deadpool,mapping,messaging, Julian Bond maps his Skype contacts. Site includes useful commentary on how the map was programmed.
Great use of the Amazon toolkit by Jim Bumgardner to combine hundreds of similar Amazon product images merged into a single interactive page. You can buy from here or use his banners in your own site. null search,shopping,visualization, Great use of the Amazon toolkit by Jim Bumgardner to combine hundreds of similar Amazon product images merged into a single interactive page. You can buy from here or use his banners in your own site.
Provides landlords free advertising of their rental properties. null canada,deadpool,mapping,realestate, Provides landlords free advertising of their rental properties.
See censorship efforts targeting online social networking communities and other apps. Each marker highlights a specific country barring access to major websites. Details include text, images or video describing the censorship and efforts to combat it. null advocacy,mapping,politics, See censorship efforts targeting online social networking communities and other apps. Each marker highlights a specific country barring access to major websites. Details include text, images or video describing the censorship and efforts to combat it.
RDF Calendar, which is a typical Events handling application, now supports Google Calendar API. It can retrieve events information from Google Calendar, eventful, and upcoming.org, can can map events. null events,mapping, RDF Calendar, which is a typical Events handling application, now supports Google Calendar API. It can retrieve events information from Google Calendar, eventful, and upcoming.org, can can map events.
Free HTML5 slideshows from Facebook, Flickr, Photobucket, Smugmug, Picasa, Youtube (as soundtrack music) and SlideshowBox HTML5 slideshow component. null fun,photo,social,video, Free HTML5 slideshows from Facebook, Flickr, Photobucket, Smugmug, Picasa, Youtube (as soundtrack music) and SlideshowBox HTML5 slideshow component.
Travel information from a variety of sources. Search for anywhere in the world and see maps, local sights and more. null travel, Travel information from a variety of sources. Search for anywhere in the world and see maps, local sights and more.
Orcheeder is a social network for orchid lovers. The site includes pictures as well as any information you could ever need to know about orchids.  null reference,social, Orcheeder is a social network for orchid lovers. The site includes pictures as well as any information you could ever need to know about orchids. 
Google Maps, Yahoo Local Maps, and Windows Live Local all in one location. Search for businesses, get directions, explore and discover using patented lensing technology from IDELIX. null deadpool,mapping,search,visualization, Google Maps, Yahoo Local Maps, and Windows Live Local all in one location. Search for businesses, get directions, explore and discover using patented lensing technology from IDELIX.
A small IM bot that converts RSS to IM. You must use a Jabber/XMPP client. null messaging,mobile,rss, A small IM bot that converts RSS to IM. You must use a Jabber/XMPP client.
Cool ninja attacks that you can send to your friends on Twitter. null deadpool,fun,games,messaging,microblogging,social, Cool ninja attacks that you can send to your friends on Twitter.
Babelplex Bilingual Search makes it possible to perform a bilingual search of the World Wide Web, images, videos, and Wikipedia. null photo,search,Translation,video,wiki,wikipedia, Babelplex Bilingual Search makes it possible to perform a bilingual search of the World Wide Web, images, videos, and Wikipedia.
Music discovery on your smartphone using tag clouds, video clips and more. null android,discovery,iPhone,music,video, Music discovery on your smartphone using tag clouds, video clips and more.
Discover Tweets, Discover Photos. World-Wide. In Real-Time.  Shmapr is a social discovery tool for finding new people to follow on Twitter or Instagram. It shows you the Top 10 Trending Topics on Twitter and Instagram&#039;s most popular hashtagged photos as they are posted.  Tweets are displayed on the ticker sidebar and where they originated from is shown on the map. With a swipe, you can easily reply to a trending topic tweet or post about the trending topic yourself.  Like tweets, Instagram photos are also shown in the ticker sidebar and the origin is plotted on the map as well. With the very intuitive interface, it&#039;s easy to comment on a photo or mark it as your favorite.  Watch the demo here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkIqBwXcBP0  null discovery,instagram,maps,real-time,social,Twitter, Discover Tweets, Discover Photos. World-Wide. In Real-Time.  Shmapr is a social discovery tool for finding new people to follow on Twitter or Instagram. It shows you the Top 10 Trending Topics on Twitter and Instagram&#039;s most popular hashtagged photos as they are posted.  Tweets are displayed on the ticker sidebar and where they originated from is shown on the map. With a swipe, you can easily reply to a trending topic tweet or post about the trending topic yourself.  Like tweets, Instagram photos are also shown in the ticker sidebar and the origin is plotted on the map as well. With the very intuitive interface, it&#039;s easy to comment on a photo or mark it as your favorite.  Watch the demo here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkIqBwXcBP0 
Cirrus Insight puts the power of Salesforce.com CRM inside Gmail. Cirrus Insight is a browser extension for Chrome and Firefox that enables Gmail users to log emails and tasks, create leads and contacts, schedule events, and manage cases and opportunities in Salesforce.com from a sidebar within the Gmail interface.  View screenshots and install the app at http://www.cirrusinsight.com null CRM,extension,gmail,google,salesforce, Cirrus Insight puts the power of Salesforce.com CRM inside Gmail. Cirrus Insight is a browser extension for Chrome and Firefox that enables Gmail users to log emails and tasks, create leads and contacts, schedule events, and manage cases and opportunities in Salesforce.com from a sidebar within the Gmail interface.  View screenshots and install the app at http://www.cirrusinsight.com
Get simple information on any website: owner, location, daily visitors, IP neighbors and other stuff that your mom can understand. null internet,mapping,metrics,utility,whois, Get simple information on any website: owner, location, daily visitors, IP neighbors and other stuff that your mom can understand.
Frisbee Mashup newes photos, events, movies, bookmarks and special feeds are published on five pages, frisbee, dog frisbee, disc golf, ultimate and freestyle. null bookmarks,movies,news,photo,sports,video, Frisbee Mashup newes photos, events, movies, bookmarks and special feeds are published on five pages, frisbee, dog frisbee, disc golf, ultimate and freestyle.
XY Shop provides a price comparison facility to our customers so that they can buy the product at best online available price. XY Shop is becoming popular online shopping site around UK and Europe. null deadpool,europe,hotels,shopping,travel,uk, XY Shop provides a price comparison facility to our customers so that they can buy the product at best online available price. XY Shop is becoming popular online shopping site around UK and Europe.
Online Alternative Trading System (ATS) with Paypal Express Checkout API. Available on sourceforge. null payment, Online Alternative Trading System (ATS) with Paypal Express Checkout API. Available on sourceforge.
The ScoreSum game tests how good you are at guessing peoples HOT or NOT ratings. With an added twist. null dating,deadpool,games, The ScoreSum game tests how good you are at guessing peoples HOT or NOT ratings. With an added twist.
This plugin allows users to send files using Box.net, rather than attachments, in their Outlook client. null email,storage, This plugin allows users to send files using Box.net, rather than attachments, in their Outlook client.
A plugin for Apple&#039;s iPhoto application to export photos to expono.com. null apple,backup,iphoto,photo, A plugin for Apple&#039;s iPhoto application to export photos to expono.com.
A proof-of-concept mashup between Salesforce.com and Del.icio.us. Allows Enterprise Edition Salesforce.com users to quickly associate a URL with an account, contact, or lead. null bookmarks,deadpool, A proof-of-concept mashup between Salesforce.com and Del.icio.us. Allows Enterprise Edition Salesforce.com users to quickly associate a URL with an account, contact, or lead.
Show which supermarkets are open now on a map. Integrates Yahoo Fire Eagle, Google Maps and Yahoo Geocoding. null mapping,shopping,uk, Show which supermarkets are open now on a map. Integrates Yahoo Fire Eagle, Google Maps and Yahoo Geocoding.
The aim is to integrate user-submitted, multimedia elements into existing news stories. In order to investigate whether the use of multiple sources gives the news story a more balanced, honest and up-to-date view of the news story. null audio,deadpool,news,video, The aim is to integrate user-submitted, multimedia elements into existing news stories. In order to investigate whether the use of multiple sources gives the news story a more balanced, honest and up-to-date view of the news story.
Game that gives you a dozen HotOrNot photos of women or men and you have to guess their age or their score. After that you can meet them if you like. null dating,deadpool,games,photo, Game that gives you a dozen HotOrNot photos of women or men and you have to guess their age or their score. After that you can meet them if you like.
Briteclick is a search that displays multiple sources of relevant information in a sidebar. View results without being forced to leave your current page.  null reference,search, Briteclick is a search that displays multiple sources of relevant information in a sidebar. View results without being forced to leave your current page. 
CrocTail provides an interface for browsing information parsed from SEC filings about several hundred thousand U.S. publicly traded corporations and their foreign subsidiaries. null advocacy,business,enterprise,government,mapping, CrocTail provides an interface for browsing information parsed from SEC filings about several hundred thousand U.S. publicly traded corporations and their foreign subsidiaries.
A local suggestion and recommendation site. Provides personalized suggestions and recommendations by using a collaborative filtering algorithm to build correlations between businesses and users. null deadpool,mapping,recommendations,restaurants,search,suggestions, A local suggestion and recommendation site. Provides personalized suggestions and recommendations by using a collaborative filtering algorithm to build correlations between businesses and users.
Helpaway.com is a Twitter based social media management tool created to help businesses find new customers, assist existing clients & grow their Twitter presence. It is aimed at giving businesses a better Twitter experience and help businesses maximize their Twitter ROI. null mapping,tools, Helpaway.com is a Twitter based social media management tool created to help businesses find new customers, assist existing clients & grow their Twitter presence. It is aimed at giving businesses a better Twitter experience and help businesses maximize their Twitter ROI.
HTML5 page that presents information about your current location. null aggregator,apihackdaypdx,mapping, HTML5 page that presents information about your current location.
MusicDNA ID discovers and identifies music wherever you go and whenever you want. Whether you are in a bar, in a department store or listening to music in a car, simply record a short snippet of the unknown song, send it to us and within seconds we will let you know what is the name of the song and the performing artist. null discovery,identification,music,search, MusicDNA ID discovers and identifies music wherever you go and whenever you want. Whether you are in a bar, in a department store or listening to music in a car, simply record a short snippet of the unknown song, send it to us and within seconds we will let you know what is the name of the song and the performing artist.
Provides tracking information of UPS packages, with visualized package locations on Google Maps. null mapping,package,postal,tracking, Provides tracking information of UPS packages, with visualized package locations on Google Maps.
HoBOJob - interactive job search engine.  User-friendly map-based search for local jobs with relevant locality data. null deadpool,job,jobs, HoBOJob - interactive job search engine.  User-friendly map-based search for local jobs with relevant locality data.
Free ad-supported web service for publishers that highlights words on a site using Ontok UrlInfo API backend. When users mouseover the inserted links, they see ads and search results from other APIs like Amazon, ebay, Shopping.com, Adsense, and Yahoo. null auction,blogs,deadpool,search,shopping, Free ad-supported web service for publishers that highlights words on a site using Ontok UrlInfo API backend. When users mouseover the inserted links, they see ads and search results from other APIs like Amazon, ebay, Shopping.com, Adsense, and Yahoo.
Calculate the Prayer time, distance, and direction to Al-Qiblah at any point on Earth. null deadpool,mapping,religion, Calculate the Prayer time, distance, and direction to Al-Qiblah at any point on Earth.
Gwannon.com is a natural species search engine where you can search about 2.000.000 species. Use data.gbif.org and ubio.org APIs. null database,Engine,natural,search,species,wildlife, Gwannon.com is a natural species search engine where you can search about 2.000.000 species. Use data.gbif.org and ubio.org APIs.
XsDesktop helps you manage your business. Use contact management, project management and financial management modules. Integrates with Google Docs, Box.net, DigitalBucket, Dropbox and others! null business,contact,financial,management,office,storage, XsDesktop helps you manage your business. Use contact management, project management and financial management modules. Integrates with Google Docs, Box.net, DigitalBucket, Dropbox and others!
Google Gadget that lets you run Google Map searches directly from your Google homepage. null mapping,search,widgets, Google Gadget that lets you run Google Map searches directly from your Google homepage.
Page updates every 5 minutes with the latest Apple news from Slashdot, Digg, Delicious, Gizmodo, Tuaw, AppleInsider, Yahoo News, Arstechnica, Cult of Mac and more.  New stories are posted on Twitter, Tumblr and identi.ca in real time. null apple,iPhone,ipod,mac,news,rumors, Page updates every 5 minutes with the latest Apple news from Slashdot, Digg, Delicious, Gizmodo, Tuaw, AppleInsider, Yahoo News, Arstechnica, Cult of Mac and more.  New stories are posted on Twitter, Tumblr and identi.ca in real time.
This webapp for bloggers to create content-rich blog posts. Type in keywords, select content, and it returns the HTML. Returns relevant data from Flickr, Yahoo Maps, Amazon and others. null blog,deadpool,mapping,photo,shopping, This webapp for bloggers to create content-rich blog posts. Type in keywords, select content, and it returns the HTML. Returns relevant data from Flickr, Yahoo Maps, Amazon and others.
A movie review, plot, awards, trailers and people database website. MovieAB uses developer APIs from Netflix and NYTimes to mashup movie summary and reviews on a single page. null film,hollywood,movie,reviews,trailer,video, A movie review, plot, awards, trailers and people database website. MovieAB uses developer APIs from Netflix and NYTimes to mashup movie summary and reviews on a single page.
Google Search in 2 separate languages.  Also, as an option, Babelplex can automatically translate your query. null deadpool,google,search,Translation, Google Search in 2 separate languages.  Also, as an option, Babelplex can automatically translate your query.
A golf interactive search engine. Find golf courses, golf videos, golf pictures, golf clubs and golf buddies. The only golf resource you need. null golf,mapping,photo,sports,video, A golf interactive search engine. Find golf courses, golf videos, golf pictures, golf clubs and golf buddies. The only golf resource you need.
Get real time stock quotes of your favorite stocks n your mobile phone using SMS, WAP or Email. Use the keyword quote followed by the ticker symbol. Provide multiple ticker symbols, like quote goog yhoo. null finance,messaging,mobile,sms,stocks,WAP, Get real time stock quotes of your favorite stocks n your mobile phone using SMS, WAP or Email. Use the keyword quote followed by the ticker symbol. Provide multiple ticker symbols, like quote goog yhoo.
A music mashup of Lastfm, Musicbrainz, Lyricsfly, Youtube and Google Maps.  null artists,concerts,lyrics,music,songs,video, A music mashup of Lastfm, Musicbrainz, Lyricsfly, Youtube and Google Maps. 
Allows users of flickr and 23 photo services to mash up their images into an interactive web page with the option of including Google Maps or Second Life Maps as a background. null mapping,photo, Allows users of flickr and 23 photo services to mash up their images into an interactive web page with the option of including Google Maps or Second Life Maps as a background.
Worldsaurus.com is a worldwide travel guide to help adventurous budget-travelers, backpackers, photographers, and vacationers plan their trips. Find the most popular places in the world, with detailed information. null hotels,mapping,travel, Worldsaurus.com is a worldwide travel guide to help adventurous budget-travelers, backpackers, photographers, and vacationers plan their trips. Find the most popular places in the world, with detailed information.
Built specifically for Etsy shop owners, Maker Spot allows you to setup your own website in seconds and provides features found no where else. null deadpool,shopping,storefront,tools, Built specifically for Etsy shop owners, Maker Spot allows you to setup your own website in seconds and provides features found no where else.
PhoneCo.in enables anyone with a cell phone to send and receive bitcoins. Simple, mobile, point-of-sale bitcoin transactions are as easy as sending a text message. null bitcoin,financial,sms,telephony,Voice, PhoneCo.in enables anyone with a cell phone to send and receive bitcoins. Simple, mobile, point-of-sale bitcoin transactions are as easy as sending a text message.
Makes home rental hunting suck less. Basically an improvement on housingmaps.com - uses Craigslist and includes more listings, favorites list, and good filters. Zoom in to see popular businesses. In NYC, you can filter by max commute time via subway. null apartment,craigslist,mapping,nyc,realestate,rentals, Makes home rental hunting suck less. Basically an improvement on housingmaps.com - uses Craigslist and includes more listings, favorites list, and good filters. Zoom in to see popular businesses. In NYC, you can filter by max commute time via subway.
Cool way to create and save your own hybrid maps using several mapping APIs. This mashup layers Google, Yahoo, MS Virtual Earth, and Terraserver  maps into one interface - similar to the way Photoshop layers work. null mapping, Cool way to create and save your own hybrid maps using several mapping APIs. This mashup layers Google, Yahoo, MS Virtual Earth, and Terraserver  maps into one interface - similar to the way Photoshop layers work.
Allows Box.net users to view analytics about files they have shared through Box. null analytics,sharing, Allows Box.net users to view analytics about files they have shared through Box.
Create your own maps without the need to learn the Google API. Type in the URL of your XML file with GPS data and Openmaps will create a site for you. No more memleaks, with Openmaps you can upload thousands of points at once. null deadpool,geocoding,mapping, Create your own maps without the need to learn the Google API. Type in the URL of your XML file with GPS data and Openmaps will create a site for you. No more memleaks, with Openmaps you can upload thousands of points at once.
We move your stuff from anything to anywhere. null cloud,storage,tools, We move your stuff from anything to anywhere.
ThyNews is a social news reader to let you create and share your own custom online newspaper page full of headline links from the news sources you trust.   null news,reader,rss,social, ThyNews is a social news reader to let you create and share your own custom online newspaper page full of headline links from the news sources you trust.  
Thank to Wikipedia, descriptions of cities are embedded into description box. At the end of the content there&#039;s a backlink pointing to the source. null reference, Thank to Wikipedia, descriptions of cities are embedded into description box. At the end of the content there&#039;s a backlink pointing to the source.
This is an independent website providing online tracking of EMS China shipments, with maps to help you locate the shipment. null china,ems,mapping,shipping,tracking, This is an independent website providing online tracking of EMS China shipments, with maps to help you locate the shipment.
Finalist in the Apps for America 2 mashup contest. GovPulse.us provides access to a database of articles from the Federal Register, the journal of the federal government. use filters to decide what is important to you.  null contests,gov,government,mapping, Finalist in the Apps for America 2 mashup contest. GovPulse.us provides access to a database of articles from the Federal Register, the journal of the federal government. use filters to decide what is important to you. 
tourb.us is a social search site for live music. Track your favorite bands, via email, RSS, iCal, get reminders before concerts, find tonight&#039;s shows in your city, import favorites bands from iTunes and Last.fm, post reviews and photos of shows. null deadpool,events,music,search, tourb.us is a social search site for live music. Track your favorite bands, via email, RSS, iCal, get reminders before concerts, find tonight&#039;s shows in your city, import favorites bands from iTunes and Last.fm, post reviews and photos of shows.
A simple social quiz, a la freerice.com, that asks you questions and educates you about your energy. Correct answers generate watts that are donated to worthy charities via DonorsChoose.org! null energy,reference, A simple social quiz, a la freerice.com, that asks you questions and educates you about your energy. Correct answers generate watts that are donated to worthy charities via DonorsChoose.org!
Synchronizing Highrise to Google Contacts for every Google Apps user so you have client information available in Gmail and your smartphone. Also comes with a Gmail gadget to provide extra customer information (deals, cases, tasks) and possibility to add emails to Highrise with one click. null contacts,tools, Synchronizing Highrise to Google Contacts for every Google Apps user so you have client information available in Gmail and your smartphone. Also comes with a Gmail gadget to provide extra customer information (deals, cases, tasks) and possibility to add emails to Highrise with one click.
If it is 1 click 2 your destiny, will you face your fate? With 1click2destiny.com you get access to hundreds of top-rated links that were suggested and voted for by thousands of active online users. Uses the Digg API. null bookmarks,fun,news,social, If it is 1 click 2 your destiny, will you face your fate? With 1click2destiny.com you get access to hundreds of top-rated links that were suggested and voted for by thousands of active online users. Uses the Digg API.
CustomSongSender.com is a service for sending Valentines and Birthday songs to your friends.  null deadpool,fun,mobile,music,social,telephony, CustomSongSender.com is a service for sending Valentines and Birthday songs to your friends. 
Self organizing social bookmarking. Dynamically clusters links and people and visualizes users interests. Constructs complex dynamic queries for automatic AJAX searches and generates highly personalized RSS feeds. null bookmarks,deadpool,rss,social,visualization, Self organizing social bookmarking. Dynamically clusters links and people and visualizes users interests. Constructs complex dynamic queries for automatic AJAX searches and generates highly personalized RSS feeds.
Local event search engine, powered by user contributions.  Find something to do today, or promote your own event! null entertainment,events,mapping,music, Local event search engine, powered by user contributions.  Find something to do today, or promote your own event!
Say4 gets the latest news from an RSS feed of the BBC, puts the title of each one of the headlines into a search of a database containing the full text of the Bible. The results are sometimes surprising. null deadpool,news,religion, Say4 gets the latest news from an RSS feed of the BBC, puts the title of each one of the headlines into a search of a database containing the full text of the Bible. The results are sometimes surprising.
An online music player that remembers your playlist without need to register thanks to HTML5 technology, powered by the vast catalog of MusicBrainz and videos and tracks from YouTube and Ex.fm null html5,music,streaming, An online music player that remembers your playlist without need to register thanks to HTML5 technology, powered by the vast catalog of MusicBrainz and videos and tracks from YouTube and Ex.fm
Mashup that searches live events around the globe and shows them on the map. Uses Eventful and Google Maps APIs.  null deadpool,events,mapping, Mashup that searches live events around the globe and shows them on the map. Uses Eventful and Google Maps APIs. 
Firefox add-on. Pulls data from CrunchBase (funding/exit details), LinkedIn (employees), Quantcast/Compete (monthly uniques), Alexa (traffic rank), and Google/Bing/Yahoo (backlinks) on the website being viewed. null reference,search, Firefox add-on. Pulls data from CrunchBase (funding/exit details), LinkedIn (employees), Quantcast/Compete (monthly uniques), Alexa (traffic rank), and Google/Bing/Yahoo (backlinks) on the website being viewed.
Google Map of Boston T with search. null boston,deadpool,mapping,subway,transit, Google Map of Boston T with search.
Helps you find accommodations, events, activities, and things to do when planning a vacation or outing in Washington State. Locations and details of each activity are superimposed on a Virtual Earth map. null events,mapping,travel, Helps you find accommodations, events, activities, and things to do when planning a vacation or outing in Washington State. Locations and details of each activity are superimposed on a Virtual Earth map.
A music artist search engine. null artist,deadpool,lyrics,music,shopping,video, A music artist search engine.
A mashup of Google Maps and every New York City location used in filming the movie Ghostbusters and its sequel Ghostbusters 2 that a person might be likely to visit on a trip to Manhattan. null mapping,movies,nyc,video, A mashup of Google Maps and every New York City location used in filming the movie Ghostbusters and its sequel Ghostbusters 2 that a person might be likely to visit on a trip to Manhattan.
Classifieds. The new Craiglook. Search all classifieds sites at once. Formerly called Craiglook. null classifieds,craigslist,mapping,pipes,shopping, Classifieds. The new Craiglook. Search all classifieds sites at once. Formerly called Craiglook.
View real estate information on every home around you as you move using the free Zillow iPhone App. Walk or drive through a neighborhood and see Zestimate home values, homes for sale, recently sold homes, and more. null gps,iPhone,mobile,money,realestate, View real estate information on every home around you as you move using the free Zillow iPhone App. Walk or drive through a neighborhood and see Zestimate home values, homes for sale, recently sold homes, and more.
Each post in Street Traveler represents a street scenery of a selected place in Google Street View. It is a place for you to hang around when you feel like to go somewhere. Virtually travel around the places we dream of is just a matter of time commitment null mapping,photo,streetview,travel,video, Each post in Street Traveler represents a street scenery of a selected place in Google Street View. It is a place for you to hang around when you feel like to go somewhere. Virtually travel around the places we dream of is just a matter of time commitment
Displays different bus routes and timetables in Darwin, Australia. View all bus stops, either in real time or by using the timeline, the latest real-time traffic information and the StreetView of each bus stop. null Australia,bus,mapping,realtime,transit, Displays different bus routes and timetables in Darwin, Australia. View all bus stops, either in real time or by using the timeline, the latest real-time traffic information and the StreetView of each bus stop.
View the latest Twitter trends across the globe and see what humanity is thinking right NOW! Select a trend and view the locations visually using red bouncing markers! Added popular trends for more fun and a robot for hourly scan to get local trends and store them in a database for improved experience and performance. Now there are  150 locations. Select any location to center the map around it. Latest Vs older trends are differentiated using different colors! Click on a trend link in the popup to see the tweets on Twitter! null mapping,social,Twitter,visualization, View the latest Twitter trends across the globe and see what humanity is thinking right NOW! Select a trend and view the locations visually using red bouncing markers! Added popular trends for more fun and a robot for hourly scan to get local trends and store them in a database for improved experience and performance. Now there are  150 locations. Select any location to center the map around it. Latest Vs older trends are differentiated using different colors! Click on a trend link in the popup to see the tweets on Twitter!
Chronologically and geographically, maps the events of The American Civil War. null history,mapping,war, Chronologically and geographically, maps the events of The American Civil War.
iPhone app that lets you find out whats trending on twitter and why is it trending? null iPhone,itrends,Twitter, iPhone app that lets you find out whats trending on twitter and why is it trending?
Marinexplore.org is the easiest way to explore, discover, and share public ocean data. The mashup uses the Google Maps API to display various ocean statistics.  null mapping,oceans,open,tools,visualization, Marinexplore.org is the easiest way to explore, discover, and share public ocean data. The mashup uses the Google Maps API to display various ocean statistics. 
Search hotels by city, check-in dates, number of guests, number of rooms, and stars. Get the results plotted on a map. Mashes-up the Kayak Travel Search API the Ribbit API and the Mapquest API. null hotels,search,telephony,travel, Search hotels by city, check-in dates, number of guests, number of rooms, and stars. Get the results plotted on a map. Mashes-up the Kayak Travel Search API the Ribbit API and the Mapquest API.
Mashing up XMRadio, Skreemr-Seeqpod, LyricWiki and Twitter to give you more music info in a Flash RIA app. Built using virtual-devices.net webrack . null flash,lyrics,mp3,music,radio,xmradio, Mashing up XMRadio, Skreemr-Seeqpod, LyricWiki and Twitter to give you more music info in a Flash RIA app. Built using virtual-devices.net webrack .
Map-based tourism and business guide to Central American town in Belize, near the southern border of Mexico. null deadpool,mapping,mexico,shopping,travel,video, Map-based tourism and business guide to Central American town in Belize, near the southern border of Mexico.
This demo finds local music events and plots them on a Google map. null deadpool, This demo finds local music events and plots them on a Google map.
A home in SL that sports a simple picture frame. Touch it and it looks up your avatar name to see what your favourite Flickr tag is, picks a random picture with that tag from Flickr and displays it on its surface. null games,photo, A home in SL that sports a simple picture frame. Touch it and it looks up your avatar name to see what your favourite Flickr tag is, picks a random picture with that tag from Flickr and displays it on its surface.
mashmush is a free service to stream music from the internet to your computer. Google Chrome extension is available. null music,search, mashmush is a free service to stream music from the internet to your computer. Google Chrome extension is available.
This mashup uses the Amazon API to give reviews and ratings on thousands of products organized into handy categories ranging from computers, electronics and home goods. null reviews,search,shopping, This mashup uses the Amazon API to give reviews and ratings on thousands of products organized into handy categories ranging from computers, electronics and home goods.
Newstaggr is a new way for browsing news. It gathers news from sources like Reuters, CNN, New York Times, and BBC, and it uses Calais to semantically tag them and create a tag cloud for 12 categories. null news,semantic,tagging,visualization, Newstaggr is a new way for browsing news. It gathers news from sources like Reuters, CNN, New York Times, and BBC, and it uses Calais to semantically tag them and create a tag cloud for 12 categories.
An iPhone app that brings information to your fingertips wherever it is. Powered by Omgili and SnappyFingers. null iPhone,reference,search,utilities, An iPhone app that brings information to your fingertips wherever it is. Powered by Omgili and SnappyFingers.
Virtual Address Book is a MSN Activity which allows you to share your favourite locations visually. Good drag and drop UI to show the person you are chatting with where anything is via a Virtual Earth map. null deadpool,mapping,messaging, Virtual Address Book is a MSN Activity which allows you to share your favourite locations visually. Good drag and drop UI to show the person you are chatting with where anything is via a Virtual Earth map.
Sunglass Mashup takes your Facebook profile pictures and lets you try different pairs of sunglasses on those pictures. Here is a demo that does not require a Facebook login: http://www.sunglassmashup.com/main.html?demo null fun,shopping,social, Sunglass Mashup takes your Facebook profile pictures and lets you try different pairs of sunglasses on those pictures. Here is a demo that does not require a Facebook login: http://www.sunglassmashup.com/main.html?demo
This Adobe Flex application provides a simple interface to search objects in the Brooklyn Museum collection.  null art,deadpool,flash,Flex,museum, This Adobe Flex application provides a simple interface to search objects in the Brooklyn Museum collection. 
Mashup that demonstrates how to use the Google Charts API with maps. Make maps with a URL. null charts,mapping, Mashup that demonstrates how to use the Google Charts API with maps. Make maps with a URL.
A unique way of searching eBay auctions using a special ranking algorithm which makes more relevant results much easier to find. null auction,eBay,mapping,rank,search,shopping, A unique way of searching eBay auctions using a special ranking algorithm which makes more relevant results much easier to find.
Techzingo watches Slashdot.org, Digg.com, TheRegister.co.uk for new stories, extracts related tags and displays them in a cloud. null deadpool,news, Techzingo watches Slashdot.org, Digg.com, TheRegister.co.uk for new stories, extracts related tags and displays them in a cloud.
Maji Player plays video and music on your existing cell phone Maji Player features Mobile 2.0 features such as automatic lyric downloading (synchronized with music), album art finder etc. null deadpool,lyrics,mobile,music, Maji Player plays video and music on your existing cell phone Maji Player features Mobile 2.0 features such as automatic lyric downloading (synchronized with music), album art finder etc.
Comparison shopping site with deal, rebate and coupon information. Customer reviews and product information from Amazon.com and Epinions.com. null retail,shopping, Comparison shopping site with deal, rebate and coupon information. Customer reviews and product information from Amazon.com and Epinions.com.
I took all the discounts on restaurant.com and sorted them by 3rd party ratings from sites like yelp. null coupons,food,restaurant, I took all the discounts on restaurant.com and sorted them by 3rd party ratings from sites like yelp.
A mini-project to show what can be done using Flex and Friendfeed API in a day. null deadpool,feed,flash,Flex,microblogging,social, A mini-project to show what can be done using Flex and Friendfeed API in a day.
From the site: The G4 is a powerful tool for everybody who wants to keep his/her geo-spatial data organized, analyzed and accessible from around the world with ability to share and collaborate with friends. null analysis,gps,mapping,planning,tracks,travel, From the site: The G4 is a powerful tool for everybody who wants to keep his/her geo-spatial data organized, analyzed and accessible from around the world with ability to share and collaborate with friends.
This map was created to record our team training efforts as we prepare for the Oxfam Trailtrekker 2012 challenge.  Oxfam Trailtrekker is a 100km trek for teams of four, over 30 hours (yes, that&#039;s day and night!) across the Yorkshire Dales National Park, and takes place 26th-27th May 2012. null mapping,reference, This map was created to record our team training efforts as we prepare for the Oxfam Trailtrekker 2012 challenge.  Oxfam Trailtrekker is a 100km trek for teams of four, over 30 hours (yes, that&#039;s day and night!) across the Yorkshire Dales National Park, and takes place 26th-27th May 2012.
Google Places on the map. See the same area in Foursquare and Facebook Places null deadpool,mapping, Google Places on the map. See the same area in Foursquare and Facebook Places
This tool performs a search using your chosen terms, and reports which page the shop you specify first appears on. It currently only supports the &quot;handmade: tags, titles&quot; search, and will give up after the first 25 pages. null search,shopping,tools, This tool performs a search using your chosen terms, and reports which page the shop you specify first appears on. It currently only supports the &quot;handmade: tags, titles&quot; search, and will give up after the first 25 pages.
Enhances twitter to allow you to post pictures, videos and also share files with your twitter friends. Files can be shared on your public twitter time line, or securely for view and download by your selected twitter followers. null fileshare,messaging,photo,video, Enhances twitter to allow you to post pictures, videos and also share files with your twitter friends. Files can be shared on your public twitter time line, or securely for view and download by your selected twitter followers.
Plunker Lets you edit, fork and preview web snippets online. The Mashup is made possible by GutHub and Plunker.  null editing,tools, Plunker Lets you edit, fork and preview web snippets online. The Mashup is made possible by GutHub and Plunker. 
The t4im app integrates a translator and dictionary into the MSN Messenger. You can communicate with foreign people even if you don&#039;t understand their language. null chat,deadpool, The t4im app integrates a translator and dictionary into the MSN Messenger. You can communicate with foreign people even if you don&#039;t understand their language.
Map mashup of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu schools in the United states. null brazil,education,Jiujitsu, Map mashup of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu schools in the United states.
Display a slideshow of the place you are going on vacation. Countdown shows days until the trip. Photos are loaded via AJAX and animated as a slideshow. null deadpool,mapping,photo,travel,widgets, Display a slideshow of the place you are going on vacation. Countdown shows days until the trip. Photos are loaded via AJAX and animated as a slideshow.
A mashup using two StrikeIron APIs, Zip Code Information and Population Demographics By ZIP Code, plus Yahoo Maps to give detailed information for a specific US zip code. null census,deadpool,mapping,reference,statistics,visualization, A mashup using two StrikeIron APIs, Zip Code Information and Population Demographics By ZIP Code, plus Yahoo Maps to give detailed information for a specific US zip code.
Map-based price and fuel quality reporting community covering Brazil. Try searching for &quot;Rio de Janeiro&quot; null brazil,crowdsourcing,fuel,mapping,social, Map-based price and fuel quality reporting community covering Brazil. Try searching for &quot;Rio de Janeiro&quot;
Interactive pie chart that allows you to select and compare two countries energy production by energy source: fossil, nuclear, hydro or renewable. Data is from Carma.org. null charts,energy,environment,widgets, Interactive pie chart that allows you to select and compare two countries energy production by energy source: fossil, nuclear, hydro or renewable. Data is from Carma.org.
Not safe for work, NSFW. Search and find all sexy YouTube and Google videos of your favorite female and male celebrities. Contains adult content. null celebrity,deadpool,movies,search,sex,video, Not safe for work, NSFW. Search and find all sexy YouTube and Google videos of your favorite female and male celebrities. Contains adult content.
Allows Box.net users to send sharing links to content in their Box account through Gmail. null email,sharing,storage, Allows Box.net users to send sharing links to content in their Box account through Gmail.
Interactive Google Map of Live Concert Tours, Music Videos and Biographies for popular performers on tour. null deadpool,events,mapping,music,video, Interactive Google Map of Live Concert Tours, Music Videos and Biographies for popular performers on tour.
An app for keeping track of your video collection. Add movies, tag movies, and share your collection with your friends. null collecting,deadpool,dvd,sharing,social,video, An app for keeping track of your video collection. Add movies, tag movies, and share your collection with your friends.
This site is a collection of multilingual search  applications based on APIs from Google, Yahoo, video search provider Truveo  and job search aggregator Indeed.com null language,search,Translation, This site is a collection of multilingual search  applications based on APIs from Google, Yahoo, video search provider Truveo  and job search aggregator Indeed.com
Prediction of the sentiment / mood of  Twitter query.  The training data for this predictive model was created with crowd sourcing.  Main technologies: Google Prediction API, Twitter, CrowdFlower, Google Maps null mapping,mood,sentiment,social,weather, Prediction of the sentiment / mood of  Twitter query.  The training data for this predictive model was created with crowd sourcing.  Main technologies: Google Prediction API, Twitter, CrowdFlower, Google Maps
Kaiten is an open-source jQuery plug-in that allows you to browse through several apps in a single continuous space. Uses Wikipedia, Crunchbase, Twitter and Discogs API&#039;s.  Video of the demo: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYoxoAyWzR4 Download Kaiten: http://www.officity.com/kaiten/download/ About Kaiten: http://www.officity.com/kaiten/ null deadpool,reference,search, Kaiten is an open-source jQuery plug-in that allows you to browse through several apps in a single continuous space. Uses Wikipedia, Crunchbase, Twitter and Discogs API&#039;s.  Video of the demo: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYoxoAyWzR4 Download Kaiten: http://www.officity.com/kaiten/download/ About Kaiten: http://www.officity.com/kaiten/
Earthoid Green Search Engine powered by BuildaSearch, Bing, Yahoo and other APIs. null deadpool,search, Earthoid Green Search Engine powered by BuildaSearch, Bing, Yahoo and other APIs.
Narrative with twitter and flickr. null art,deadpool,photo,visualization, Narrative with twitter and flickr.
See dozens of current terror threats or incidents around the world. Includes airport, chemical, bridge, railway, bomb and other incidents. With links to related news stories and searchable database. null mapping,news,security,terrorism, See dozens of current terror threats or incidents around the world. Includes airport, chemical, bridge, railway, bomb and other incidents. With links to related news stories and searchable database.
Upload and share your GPS-Tracks. Over 13000 tracks for Mountain biking, Hiking, Biking, Climbing and others. null biking,gps,hiking,mapping,sports,tracks, Upload and share your GPS-Tracks. Over 13000 tracks for Mountain biking, Hiking, Biking, Climbing and others.
Itooner is a facebook application where you can draw comic book ballons on top of famous photos. null cartoon,fun,photo, Itooner is a facebook application where you can draw comic book ballons on top of famous photos.
Dual maps let you display two maps side-by-side for a single location. Use the dual map to combine the features of Google Maps and Microsoft Virtual Earth Maps within one embeddable control. null 3d,mapping,photo,streetview,tools, Dual maps let you display two maps side-by-side for a single location. Use the dual map to combine the features of Google Maps and Microsoft Virtual Earth Maps within one embeddable control.
List and Map of activities and events near to Aviemore, Cairngorms National Park. Live product data pulled via the TourCMS Marketplace API and plotted on a Map via the Google Maps API. null mapping,parks,travel, List and Map of activities and events near to Aviemore, Cairngorms National Park. Live product data pulled via the TourCMS Marketplace API and plotted on a Map via the Google Maps API.
Type in your domain name and find out how your site scores. Uses a unique formula consisting of variables, such as backlinks and popularity, to calculate a score for each website entered. null internet,rankings,traffic, Type in your domain name and find out how your site scores. Uses a unique formula consisting of variables, such as backlinks and popularity, to calculate a score for each website entered.
Track FedEx packages--with per-segment CO2 estimates. null environment,green,shipping, Track FedEx packages--with per-segment CO2 estimates.
Searches Upcoming for events using Ajax. null deadpool,events, Searches Upcoming for events using Ajax.
Content discovery using the Yahoo content analysis API to figure out what a given page is about and then APIs from Yahoo! News, Technorati, Delicious, and Flickr to find related content. null bookmarks,photo,search, Content discovery using the Yahoo content analysis API to figure out what a given page is about and then APIs from Yahoo! News, Technorati, Delicious, and Flickr to find related content.
Allows users to search for songs using Blip.fm, create playlists, listen, and eventually buy directly from the iTunes store, all from their iPhone. null Blipfm,deadpool,iPhone,music, Allows users to search for songs using Blip.fm, create playlists, listen, and eventually buy directly from the iTunes store, all from their iPhone.
Movies Justin is a site for free streaming movies and TV shows. Uses the Justin.tv API. null movies,sports,streaming,television,TV,video, Movies Justin is a site for free streaming movies and TV shows. Uses the Justin.tv API.
Rovi Mobile Music is a whole library of musical knowledge on your iPhone. This companion app to the AllRovi.com website helps you find albums, discover artists new to you and share your favorites with your friends.  null deadpool,mobile,music,search,social, Rovi Mobile Music is a whole library of musical knowledge on your iPhone. This companion app to the AllRovi.com website helps you find albums, discover artists new to you and share your favorites with your friends. 
Send visual voicemail to any Twitter user with Pockets App and Twilio. null telephony,visual,Voice,voicemail, Send visual voicemail to any Twitter user with Pockets App and Twilio.
Lets you search for flights and see the current location plotted on a Google Map. null mapping,search,travel, Lets you search for flights and see the current location plotted on a Google Map.
The Last.fm radio player and scrobbler for Symbian smartphones. Integrates APIs from Foursquare, Google Maps, Last.fm, Lyricsfly and Twitter. null lyrics,mapping,mobile,music,s60, The Last.fm radio player and scrobbler for Symbian smartphones. Integrates APIs from Foursquare, Google Maps, Last.fm, Lyricsfly and Twitter.
DimePickers is a social sports picks competition that allows visitors to select game winners using current spreads. The FanFeedr API provides score outcomes to determine contest winners.  null deadpool,games,news,reference,social,sports, DimePickers is a social sports picks competition that allows visitors to select game winners using current spreads. The FanFeedr API provides score outcomes to determine contest winners. 
Jira Freshbooks Connector is a plugin that resolves a problem of double reporting for users of these applications. The first version of it allows you to send worklogs from Jira to Freshbooks with 1 click. null project-management,tools,tracking, Jira Freshbooks Connector is a plugin that resolves a problem of double reporting for users of these applications. The first version of it allows you to send worklogs from Jira to Freshbooks with 1 click.
SiSense provides common-sense business intelligence software that assists in visualization, analysis, dashboarding, and reporting. null analytics,bi,deadpool,enterprise,Spreadsheets,visualization, SiSense provides common-sense business intelligence software that assists in visualization, analysis, dashboarding, and reporting.
Kosmix scours the Web to automatically generate home pages for any topic. null deadpool,music,photo,reference,video, Kosmix scours the Web to automatically generate home pages for any topic.
HBMessageToGo lets you deliver messages via phone, SMS, or email.  null authentication,deadpool,messaging,security,utility, HBMessageToGo lets you deliver messages via phone, SMS, or email. 
Search thousands of Alaska travel listings for lodging, tours, cruises and transportation for Alaskan cities such as Fairbanks, Denali Park, Anchorage, Seward, Kenai, Kodiak, Skagway, Ketchikan and Juneau. null alaska,mapping,travel, Search thousands of Alaska travel listings for lodging, tours, cruises and transportation for Alaskan cities such as Fairbanks, Denali Park, Anchorage, Seward, Kenai, Kodiak, Skagway, Ketchikan and Juneau.
A coupon deal website. null coupons,deals,shopping,skimlinks, A coupon deal website.
Fuel prices for the Brazilian market, including comparisons. null auto,brazil,ethanol,fuel,mapping,search, Fuel prices for the Brazilian market, including comparisons.
A wizard for creating and managing customized Google maps of address lists. Also has a Facebook app for mapping your friends. null contacts,mapping,social, A wizard for creating and managing customized Google maps of address lists. Also has a Facebook app for mapping your friends.
Based on how often you communicate, Skydeck reorganizes your address book and your network around the people who are most important to you. Skydeck users can import their most frequently used phone contacts into Dial2Do. null contacts,mobile,phone, Based on how often you communicate, Skydeck reorganizes your address book and your network around the people who are most important to you. Skydeck users can import their most frequently used phone contacts into Dial2Do.
PayPal for Thrutu allows you to transfer money securely between PayPal accounts while on the phone. Awarded 2nd place in PayPal&#039;s Developer Challenge. null mobile,payment,telephony, PayPal for Thrutu allows you to transfer money securely between PayPal accounts while on the phone. Awarded 2nd place in PayPal&#039;s Developer Challenge.
E-Learning document search engine and online viewer. Users Google Docs  null docs,documents,search, E-Learning document search engine and online viewer. Users Google Docs 
Over a thousand fishing spots in national parks, wildlife refuges, lakes, campgrounds, historic trails etc. null deadpool,mapping,sports, Over a thousand fishing spots in national parks, wildlife refuges, lakes, campgrounds, historic trails etc.
Check your current cell phone account usage from the Mac Dashboard, so you won&#039;t be surprised when your bill comes. null deadpool,mac,mobile,telephony, Check your current cell phone account usage from the Mac Dashboard, so you won&#039;t be surprised when your bill comes.
geoTract.com provides a central commonplace to share experiences and interests in the form of maps mashed with chatting, blogs, friends lists, favorites lists, and general locations. null bookmarks,chat,deadpool,mapping, geoTract.com provides a central commonplace to share experiences and interests in the form of maps mashed with chatting, blogs, friends lists, favorites lists, and general locations.
Explore events near you all around the world on a Google map. null deadpool,events,mapping,social, Explore events near you all around the world on a Google map.
A partnership between NBC Universal and DonorsChoose.org. The site lets you search for schools in need of support in your area. null charity,education, A partnership between NBC Universal and DonorsChoose.org. The site lets you search for schools in need of support in your area.
You add a link to a picture of your friends, and they get a mustach. null deadpool,fun,games,social, You add a link to a picture of your friends, and they get a mustach.
GRNDX, the first Green Index. Similar to a stock market index, but it tracks mentions of certain key green phrases in the media. Lets you gauge how much mindshare certain concepts have and see if they are gaining or losing ground compared to last week. null environment,green,news, GRNDX, the first Green Index. Similar to a stock market index, but it tracks mentions of certain key green phrases in the media. Lets you gauge how much mindshare certain concepts have and see if they are gaining or losing ground compared to last week.
Helps you discover new videos available on the Web by grouping similar videos together, forming playlists, generating tags and semantics. null deadpool,internet,semantic,video, Helps you discover new videos available on the Web by grouping similar videos together, forming playlists, generating tags and semantics.
Uses the ESV Bible Web Service to display passages relating to a topic. null religion,search, Uses the ESV Bible Web Service to display passages relating to a topic.
An ongoing caption competition that selects two photos from a group on Flickr every day to receive dozens of funny captions. Also uses D3/node.js and Bing image search to show a collaborative mind map for brainstorming caption ideas. null fun,photo,social, An ongoing caption competition that selects two photos from a group on Flickr every day to receive dozens of funny captions. Also uses D3/node.js and Bing image search to show a collaborative mind map for brainstorming caption ideas.
A twitter mashup with news, pics and tweets from various celebrities on Twitter. null celebrities, A twitter mashup with news, pics and tweets from various celebrities on Twitter.
This mashup enables users of SAP DMS to send files from their document records to a Box.net account and to create records in DMS using files in the Box environment. null storage, This mashup enables users of SAP DMS to send files from their document records to a Box.net account and to create records in DMS using files in the Box environment.
One of the few online radio stations that uses a virtual text to speech (TTS) DJ that announces and reads greetings on-the-air with instant song requester. null lyrics,music,radio, One of the few online radio stations that uses a virtual text to speech (TTS) DJ that announces and reads greetings on-the-air with instant song requester.
Its a blog about my professional works of my lighting Design null art,Data, Its a blog about my professional works of my lighting Design
Play video-karaokes for the hot 20 songs of the moment. Create your own with our Online Karaoke Creator. null karaoke,lyrics,mobile,music,radio,video, Play video-karaokes for the hot 20 songs of the moment. Create your own with our Online Karaoke Creator.
Lovento uses Google Maps and AJAX requests to show venues, filtered by tags or venue type. null deadpool,events,mapping, Lovento uses Google Maps and AJAX requests to show venues, filtered by tags or venue type.
All the news, tweets, Books, videos, images, maps and information for every town, country and region in the world. null books,images,news,search,tools,videos, All the news, tweets, Books, videos, images, maps and information for every town, country and region in the world.
Hello Vaccine is a SMS Reminder service that notifies parents about vaccination dates for their children. null deadpool,health,Immunization,sms,Vaccination, Hello Vaccine is a SMS Reminder service that notifies parents about vaccination dates for their children.
CribQ.com adds tools and context to Craigslist rental housing listings. More than a map it adds features like birdseye views, walkability ratings, notes, and hotlists. Built using 5 APIs including Rentometer and Amazon services. null craigslist,housing,mapping,realestate, CribQ.com adds tools and context to Craigslist rental housing listings. More than a map it adds features like birdseye views, walkability ratings, notes, and hotlists. Built using 5 APIs including Rentometer and Amazon services.
VocaBoca combines the power of Google Translate, Flickr images and Wiktionary to explain any word, from any app in almost any language. Build your own vocabulary list from the words you find in your favourite mobile apps. Learn new words when you surf, when you read the news and when you check your e-mail. null Dictionary,reference,translator,vocabulary, VocaBoca combines the power of Google Translate, Flickr images and Wiktionary to explain any word, from any app in almost any language. Build your own vocabulary list from the words you find in your favourite mobile apps. Learn new words when you surf, when you read the news and when you check your e-mail.
This mashup lets you search places, copy locations to mobile, checkin anywhere and create mobile web pages for checkins. null deadpool,mapping,mobile,search,social, This mashup lets you search places, copy locations to mobile, checkin anywhere and create mobile web pages for checkins.
ThyNews for Android is a free, easy to use news reader app designed to let you easily read news and add the news sources you trust quickly. null android,mobile,news,rss, ThyNews for Android is a free, easy to use news reader app designed to let you easily read news and add the news sources you trust quickly.
busAlert.me is a mashup of Twilio and OneBusAway real-time tracker service. It&#039;s a service that will alert the user by text or phone when their bus is approaching its stop. The service  works for all King County (Wa.) Metro stops.  null messaging,metro,mobile,seattle,transit, busAlert.me is a mashup of Twilio and OneBusAway real-time tracker service. It&#039;s a service that will alert the user by text or phone when their bus is approaching its stop. The service  works for all King County (Wa.) Metro stops. 
This podcast directory and resource uses the Feedburner Awareness API to display circulation data about podcast feeds. null  This podcast directory and resource uses the Feedburner Awareness API to display circulation data about podcast feeds.
Get the latest Stock Quotes on Google Maps. null finance,mapping,stocks, Get the latest Stock Quotes on Google Maps.
BOL is a Google Chrome Extension that allows you to talk with other visitors to sites that you like to visit. When you visit a site that you would like to talk to about, simply click the microphone icon next to the address bar and click ???Discuss???. Allow permissions to access speakers and talk away. null deadpool,social, BOL is a Google Chrome Extension that allows you to talk with other visitors to sites that you like to visit. When you visit a site that you would like to talk to about, simply click the microphone icon next to the address bar and click ???Discuss???. Allow permissions to access speakers and talk away.
Twitatoo is a image uploader that allow you to post image directly onto your twitter timeline, upload or paste url in directly preview image and then add with tweet. null images,Twitter, Twitatoo is a image uploader that allow you to post image directly onto your twitter timeline, upload or paste url in directly preview image and then add with tweet.
This tool takes the incoming links for a URL from Yahoo Site Explorer and creates a 3D representation, allowing you to quickly see the domains with the most links null deadpool, This tool takes the incoming links for a URL from Yahoo Site Explorer and creates a 3D representation, allowing you to quickly see the domains with the most links
Maps Hindu temples around the globe. Users can login and share temple information or click a temple to learn more about it. null india,mapping,religion,travel, Maps Hindu temples around the globe. Users can login and share temple information or click a temple to learn more about it.
Takes data submitted with a Formstack form and creates corresponding event entries on a Google Calendar. null calendar,events,forms, Takes data submitted with a Formstack form and creates corresponding event entries on a Google Calendar.
oFaust is a literature expert. It finds similarity in your texts with over 20 classical authors such as Plato, Dante, Shakespeare, and Goethe. null books,deadpool,literature,search, oFaust is a literature expert. It finds similarity in your texts with over 20 classical authors such as Plato, Dante, Shakespeare, and Goethe.
Centralized information storage, sharing and archiving for your business or department. Integrates APIs from Google and Zoho. null deadpool,documents,enterprise,storage, Centralized information storage, sharing and archiving for your business or department. Integrates APIs from Google and Zoho.
Map of the 100 best US companies to work for as rated by Fortune Magazine null business,mapping,reference, Map of the 100 best US companies to work for as rated by Fortune Magazine
Hot or Not plus Wisdom of Crowds. Enter your username and get matchmaking recommendations from The Crowd. Also includes rankings of top matches by location. null dating,deadpool, Hot or Not plus Wisdom of Crowds. Enter your username and get matchmaking recommendations from The Crowd. Also includes rankings of top matches by location.
CloudGento??? is the first and only complete, channel platform independent, customer relationship management (CRM) solution available to multi-channel online retailers. Companies can now manage all customer service and support operations from a single source and entirely within Salesforce.com. null reference,social, CloudGento??? is the first and only complete, channel platform independent, customer relationship management (CRM) solution available to multi-channel online retailers. Companies can now manage all customer service and support operations from a single source and entirely within Salesforce.com.
Love your town! null mapping,social,travel, Love your town!
IM Remote is an AOL AIM plugin that lets you share your desktop with a friend via AIM. This plugin can be extremely useful when a friend or relative needs help with their computer, avoiding the complexity to setup a secure VNC server. null messaging,plugin, IM Remote is an AOL AIM plugin that lets you share your desktop with a friend via AIM. This plugin can be extremely useful when a friend or relative needs help with their computer, avoiding the complexity to setup a secure VNC server.
Real Estate and property search engine using both Google Maps for mapping and Google Base for data.  null mapping,property,realestate,search, Real Estate and property search engine using both Google Maps for mapping and Google Base for data. 
Book finding service using z3950 library information and Amazon web services. null books,deadpool,search,shopping, Book finding service using z3950 library information and Amazon web services.
People and business locator using the ZoomInfo API. null business,deadpool,reference,search, People and business locator using the ZoomInfo API.
Get an iCal feed of your watched eBay auctions for your favorite PIM application. null auction,calendar,ical,rss,shopping, Get an iCal feed of your watched eBay auctions for your favorite PIM application.
Adobe AIR application for playing MTV videos. null deadpool,flash,music,video, Adobe AIR application for playing MTV videos.
A library and search engine about music. Query song titles, singers, song description or lyrics. Browse artists, music genre or albums. null music,search,video, A library and search engine about music. Query song titles, singers, song description or lyrics. Browse artists, music genre or albums.
A meta search engine with images, videos and news. Enabled by social search.  null search,social, A meta search engine with images, videos and news. Enabled by social search. 
Replicates MyeBay in a klip for use with the Klipfolio application. Supports eBay.com and eBay.co.uk null auction,deadpool,shopping, Replicates MyeBay in a klip for use with the Klipfolio application. Supports eBay.com and eBay.co.uk
A portal for the UK&#039;s leading live entertainment locations featuring traditional theaters, concert halls, night clubs, arenas etc.. Listed by county or region. Simply select your chosen area from the menu and click on &quot;Visit Website&quot;, which will be displayed on the map. null mapping,search, A portal for the UK&#039;s leading live entertainment locations featuring traditional theaters, concert halls, night clubs, arenas etc.. Listed by county or region. Simply select your chosen area from the menu and click on &quot;Visit Website&quot;, which will be displayed on the map.
VMAP is the mecca for Travel Videos. You can explore the world by browsing videos on a map and you can share your travel videos for others to find. null mapping,nature,sports,Tourism,travel,videos, VMAP is the mecca for Travel Videos. You can explore the world by browsing videos on a map and you can share your travel videos for others to find.
A site showing Bruce Springsteen&#039;s Devils and Dust global concert tour via Google Maps. null deadpool,events,mapping, A site showing Bruce Springsteen&#039;s Devils and Dust global concert tour via Google Maps.
Teaches the Periodic Table of Elements. null chemistry,deadpool,education,science, Teaches the Periodic Table of Elements.
Rolemance makes it easy to spice up your relationship with flirtatious texting. You each control the dialogue, intimacy and outcome with simple A and B choices. Start a rolemance from any phone, anytime you&#039;re in the mood. null dating,fun,messaging,mobile,social,telephony, Rolemance makes it easy to spice up your relationship with flirtatious texting. You each control the dialogue, intimacy and outcome with simple A and B choices. Start a rolemance from any phone, anytime you&#039;re in the mood.
Ever wondered where all your Flickr photos were, or how many places have photos tagged Paris? This app should answer all your questions. null mapping,photo, Ever wondered where all your Flickr photos were, or how many places have photos tagged Paris? This app should answer all your questions.
Instastrm is a web application where you can stream real-time feeds from Instagram by photo tags. Instastrm will create a real-time photo stream for you and will continuously query Instagram server for latest images that matches the tag you entered or selected. null instagram,live,photo,real-time,streaming, Instastrm is a web application where you can stream real-time feeds from Instagram by photo tags. Instastrm will create a real-time photo stream for you and will continuously query Instagram server for latest images that matches the tag you entered or selected.
Netzwelt.de is a German online magazine. They mashed up free and legal promo MP3s on the net with Upcoming.org tour dates, Amazon CD reviews, YouTube videos and akuma MP3 download store. null download,events,mp3,music,shopping,video, Netzwelt.de is a German online magazine. They mashed up free and legal promo MP3s on the net with Upcoming.org tour dates, Amazon CD reviews, YouTube videos and akuma MP3 download store.
This mashup allows Box.net users to send files directly from their Box accounts to Drawloop, where they are converted into PDFs. null pdf,storage, This mashup allows Box.net users to send files directly from their Box accounts to Drawloop, where they are converted into PDFs.
Mashup of places names which, in English, sound either vaguely or explicitly rude.  Source data was originally from the Yahoo! WOEID data set, but has since been added to by user contributions.  Uses the Leaflet maps API and Stamen&#039;s Toner map tiles, derived from OpenStreetMap data. null fun,mapping,nsfw, Mashup of places names which, in English, sound either vaguely or explicitly rude.  Source data was originally from the Yahoo! WOEID data set, but has since been added to by user contributions.  Uses the Leaflet maps API and Stamen&#039;s Toner map tiles, derived from OpenStreetMap data.
Normalizes Google Trends, Twitter Trends, and Yahoo Buzz to find out why they are hot across Twitter, News, Blogs, and Web Search. null buzz,deadpool,news,trends, Normalizes Google Trends, Twitter Trends, and Yahoo Buzz to find out why they are hot across Twitter, News, Blogs, and Web Search.
Vegetarian search engine based on Yahoo BOSS and more. null food,photo,restaurant,search, Vegetarian search engine based on Yahoo BOSS and more.
Visitors can buy t-shirts, coffee mugs, bags, or stickers with their own mythical place and slogan. Site creates a made-up term, then lets users customize it with pre-selected slogans and graphics. null deadpool,fun,shopping, Visitors can buy t-shirts, coffee mugs, bags, or stickers with their own mythical place and slogan. Site creates a made-up term, then lets users customize it with pre-selected slogans and graphics.
The TimesPeople gadget can be used to show the general feed of actions happening across NYTimes, or you can specify your own activity feed and see what your friends are up to. null news,social,widgets, The TimesPeople gadget can be used to show the general feed of actions happening across NYTimes, or you can specify your own activity feed and see what your friends are up to.
A quick and easy way to find out distance between two locations from a cell phones: SMS, Email or WAP. This mashup uses Yahoo Geocoding API to compute the lat-lon values of locations based on area codes. null deadpool,mapping,messaging, A quick and easy way to find out distance between two locations from a cell phones: SMS, Email or WAP. This mashup uses Yahoo Geocoding API to compute the lat-lon values of locations based on area codes.
Filters tweets of a specified Twitter account and sends them by email to specified email addresses.  null AppsScript,email,social, Filters tweets of a specified Twitter account and sends them by email to specified email addresses. 
Plocky.com provides a one-stop-shop to see all of your social network profiles in one place. Plocky.com notifies you of the major events: Whose birthday is coming up, who added or removed you, and who just moved out or switched jobs. null aggregation,network,social, Plocky.com provides a one-stop-shop to see all of your social network profiles in one place. Plocky.com notifies you of the major events: Whose birthday is coming up, who added or removed you, and who just moved out or switched jobs.
KLIK Radio accepts song requests via text. Just text title and artist to our phone number, and it&#039;ll be added to the queue. null fun,messaging,mobile,music,social,telephony, KLIK Radio accepts song requests via text. Just text title and artist to our phone number, and it&#039;ll be added to the queue.
Video and news from anywhere you choose to go on planet Earth. Just turn the 3D globe. In many ways better than actually going there. null deadpool,news,video, Video and news from anywhere you choose to go on planet Earth. Just turn the 3D globe. In many ways better than actually going there.
Import your top-ranked Skydeck contacts when you sign up for Dial2Do. null contacts,mobile, Import your top-ranked Skydeck contacts when you sign up for Dial2Do.
Exploring new possibilities in microblogging. Tweets become overlays on images in a new look at the Twitter timeline. null deadpool,messaging,microblogging,photo, Exploring new possibilities in microblogging. Tweets become overlays on images in a new look at the Twitter timeline.
Tastebuds is a dating service that uses the Last.fm API to match single people based on their music tastes. null dating,music, Tastebuds is a dating service that uses the Last.fm API to match single people based on their music tastes.
Get todays match schedule and scorecard for the World Cup. If no matches are scheduled for the day, then the schedule for the next matches will be returned back. The response will have the time and date for the match along with the Group. SMS, WAP, email. null deadpool,messaging,mobile,sports, Get todays match schedule and scorecard for the World Cup. If no matches are scheduled for the day, then the schedule for the next matches will be returned back. The response will have the time and date for the match along with the Group. SMS, WAP, email.
This extension allows you to explore Wikipedia by adding a related articles side pane to Wikipedia. Additionally, it allows searching of highlighted text on Wikipedia from the right-click context menu. null extensions,firefox,reference,semantic,utilities,wikipedia, This extension allows you to explore Wikipedia by adding a related articles side pane to Wikipedia. Additionally, it allows searching of highlighted text on Wikipedia from the right-click context menu.
Unique wallpaper changer that rotates your wallpaper using photos stored in Riya, Picasa, flickr, and 23HQ. Rotates from either your own private photos hosted anywhere or from public photos. Windows executable. null deadpool,photo,windows, Unique wallpaper changer that rotates your wallpaper using photos stored in Riya, Picasa, flickr, and 23HQ. Rotates from either your own private photos hosted anywhere or from public photos. Windows executable.
A Rails app that identifies news and trends by launching an EC2 cluster running the Cloudera Distribution for Hadoop to process Wikipedia log files. Charts and news are displayed using Google and Yahoo APIs. null charts,news,rails,trends,visualization,wikipedia, A Rails app that identifies news and trends by launching an EC2 cluster running the Cloudera Distribution for Hadoop to process Wikipedia log files. Charts and news are displayed using Google and Yahoo APIs.
Bumble Search is a Firefox extension that mashes up the Web by integrating content from Amazon, BBC, del.icio.us, eBay and other sources. null deadpool,firefox,plugin,shopping, Bumble Search is a Firefox extension that mashes up the Web by integrating content from Amazon, BBC, del.icio.us, eBay and other sources.
SpotiLast generates a personalized Spotify playlist based on the artists suggested to you by Last.fm. null music,playlist,recommendations, SpotiLast generates a personalized Spotify playlist based on the artists suggested to you by Last.fm.
iGoogle gadget of the popular Music Artist Cloud mashup for music discovery based on similar artists. null discovery,music,video,widgets, iGoogle gadget of the popular Music Artist Cloud mashup for music discovery based on similar artists.
Bing Search in 2 separate languages.  2lingual Bing Search is a dual-language search tool that performs both a Bing Search and a Cross-language Bing Search.  It also provides a query translation option that can be activated or deactivated for Cross-language Bing Searches.  The top-ranking Bing Search Results from 2 user-selected search languages are displayed in side-by-side columns. Other features include Search Suggestions, Spelling Corrections, Cached Pages and Related Search Links. null Bilingual,bing,language,multilingual,search,Translation, Bing Search in 2 separate languages.  2lingual Bing Search is a dual-language search tool that performs both a Bing Search and a Cross-language Bing Search.  It also provides a query translation option that can be activated or deactivated for Cross-language Bing Searches.  The top-ranking Bing Search Results from 2 user-selected search languages are displayed in side-by-side columns. Other features include Search Suggestions, Spelling Corrections, Cached Pages and Related Search Links.
Explore relationship between artists. Idea based on six degrees theory: no artist is separated from another by more than six other artists. 3rd place winner in Amazon developer contest. null shopping, Explore relationship between artists. Idea based on six degrees theory: no artist is separated from another by more than six other artists. 3rd place winner in Amazon developer contest.
Yaptap enables communities to communicate however they wish: by text, email, phone, or social media. Group leaders can use either a web or mobile (iPad) application to organize groups, events and communications while members use the tools they want (text or email). null messaging,mobile,social, Yaptap enables communities to communicate however they wish: by text, email, phone, or social media. Group leaders can use either a web or mobile (iPad) application to organize groups, events and communications while members use the tools they want (text or email).
A simple but efficient web client for the popular Instaram iPhone app. Share you pics, browse other users&#039; profiles, etc. null deadpool,photo, A simple but efficient web client for the popular Instaram iPhone app. Share you pics, browse other users&#039; profiles, etc.
Create conference calls for Skype directly within salesforce.com null deadpool,enterprise,messaging, Create conference calls for Skype directly within salesforce.com
MvBanana is a radio station that plays music videos. This is a fun way of discovering new or forgotten music.  null aggregate,music,streaming,video, MvBanana is a radio station that plays music videos. This is a fun way of discovering new or forgotten music. 
Yippr brings you the most popular videos of the day from different sources. If you click on the image you will get a lightbox and you will be able to see the video on the fly. If you click on the link you will be taken to the details page. null deadpool,reference,search,social,video, Yippr brings you the most popular videos of the day from different sources. If you click on the image you will get a lightbox and you will be able to see the video on the fly. If you click on the link you will be taken to the details page.
Search and view Flickr photoset slideshows in cool 3D layouts: Cover Flow, Carousel, Grid, Spiral, Roller Coaster, and Time Machine. Powered by OpenFlux 3D, aka PlexiGlass.  Includes large photo view, full screen mode, thumbnail strip and photo shuffling. null 3d,flash,photo,slideshow,visualization, Search and view Flickr photoset slideshows in cool 3D layouts: Cover Flow, Carousel, Grid, Spiral, Roller Coaster, and Time Machine. Powered by OpenFlux 3D, aka PlexiGlass.  Includes large photo view, full screen mode, thumbnail strip and photo shuffling.
Mashfu looks for anything interesting around you by searching YahooLocal for places to eat, evdb for local concerts, and Yelp for anything recently reviewed. From Jeff Mashall. null boston,california,events,food,reviews,sanfrancisco, Mashfu looks for anything interesting around you by searching YahooLocal for places to eat, evdb for local concerts, and Yelp for anything recently reviewed. From Jeff Mashall.
Named after New York&#039;s East 41st Street, Library Way, E41ST provides an integrated interface for Browsing. At Amazon, and looking up at your Public Library. Winner of Adobe Flex Developer Derby in Mashup category. null books,deadpool,Flex,shopping, Named after New York&#039;s East 41st Street, Library Way, E41ST provides an integrated interface for Browsing. At Amazon, and looking up at your Public Library. Winner of Adobe Flex Developer Derby in Mashup category.
WatchCount.com is an award-winning collection of fun, free, and unique eBay shopping and selling tools. The site pulls data from eBay&#039;s several API families to offer users alternative search capabilities, and widgets/plugins for sellers and WordPress bloggers. null search,shopping, WatchCount.com is an award-winning collection of fun, free, and unique eBay shopping and selling tools. The site pulls data from eBay&#039;s several API families to offer users alternative search capabilities, and widgets/plugins for sellers and WordPress bloggers.
ContractsForGeeks is an employment search tool that sources the indeed API to find job postings, then arranges them by city or state. It also includes and IT recruiter directory.  null advertising,jobs,search, ContractsForGeeks is an employment search tool that sources the indeed API to find job postings, then arranges them by city or state. It also includes and IT recruiter directory. 
Find eBay auctions by location. In German. null auction,deadpool,germany,mapping,shopping, Find eBay auctions by location. In German.
Blosh finds blogs mentioning locations and displays them on a map. null blog,deadpool,mapping, Blosh finds blogs mentioning locations and displays them on a map.
Search and compare the most popular hotel reservation sites with comparison of hotel details, rates, taxes and availability information on one page. Search over 900,000 global hotel deals. Integrates the HotelsCombined API. null bargains,deadpool,hotels,travel, Search and compare the most popular hotel reservation sites with comparison of hotel details, rates, taxes and availability information on one page. Search over 900,000 global hotel deals. Integrates the HotelsCombined API.
An NPR World News feed reader featuring an interactive 3D earth highlighting new locations around the globe. Built with the NPR API.  null 3d,mapping,news,radio,visualization, An NPR World News feed reader featuring an interactive 3D earth highlighting new locations around the globe. Built with the NPR API. 
Find the lowest gas prices near you. Includes BioDiesel and E85 stations. null auto,green,mapping, Find the lowest gas prices near you. Includes BioDiesel and E85 stations.
This mashup uses the Intel CPU / Power / Connection Indicator Widget with a video player to help the user avoid a choppy and/or interrupted viewing experience. null hardware,video, This mashup uses the Intel CPU / Power / Connection Indicator Widget with a video player to help the user avoid a choppy and/or interrupted viewing experience.
Travel search site cheap-flights.to searches major airlines and online travel providers for the best airfare deals between cities. Uses Kayak and a proprietary, private travel API called Bookingwiz. null reference,search,travel, Travel search site cheap-flights.to searches major airlines and online travel providers for the best airfare deals between cities. Uses Kayak and a proprietary, private travel API called Bookingwiz.
WikiGuess is a mobile game based on real wikipedia articles. At each question a wikipedia article is displayed with some hidden words (article&#039;s title is replaced by &#039;...&#039;) and you try to guess article&#039;s title in limited time.   Games are by real wikipedia categories such as Best Picture Academy Award winners, Lady Gaga Songs, Capitals in Europe etc.  WikiGuess is available in Android, soon to be available on iPhones. null game,wikipedia, WikiGuess is a mobile game based on real wikipedia articles. At each question a wikipedia article is displayed with some hidden words (article&#039;s title is replaced by &#039;...&#039;) and you try to guess article&#039;s title in limited time.   Games are by real wikipedia categories such as Best Picture Academy Award winners, Lady Gaga Songs, Capitals in Europe etc.  WikiGuess is available in Android, soon to be available on iPhones.
GeoImpress provides a completely new way to search for places all over the world. Integrates Google Maps, Flickr, and Twitter. null geocoding,mapping,microblogging,photo, GeoImpress provides a completely new way to search for places all over the world. Integrates Google Maps, Flickr, and Twitter.
Like a classic interactive fiction game like Zork, this demo lets you play a short game that begins with chasing a guy trying to climb out a window in San Francisco. null 3d,deadpool,games,mapping,photo,streetview, Like a classic interactive fiction game like Zork, this demo lets you play a short game that begins with chasing a guy trying to climb out a window in San Francisco.
Find various US locations and get weather forecasts, Wikipedia geo articles and Flickr photos. null deadpool,geography,mapping,photo,weather,wiki, Find various US locations and get weather forecasts, Wikipedia geo articles and Flickr photos.
Sophisticated Broadway show mashup lets you see where shows are playing and has times, pricing, tickets, directions, parking and hotel information. null mapping,nyc,travel, Sophisticated Broadway show mashup lets you see where shows are playing and has times, pricing, tickets, directions, parking and hotel information.
Uses Yahoo! Query Language, the Twitter API, and HTML5 Canvas to generate interesting art from tiny Twitter avatars.from  null Avatar,Canvas,html5,yql, Uses Yahoo! Query Language, the Twitter API, and HTML5 Canvas to generate interesting art from tiny Twitter avatars.from 
Shop for a variety of gifts. Uses the Amazon eCommerce API. null shopping, Shop for a variety of gifts. Uses the Amazon eCommerce API.
PrintCentral is a mobile printing app for the iPhone. Using its integration with Box.net, users are now able to access and print their Box files from within PrintCentral. null iPhone,mobile,printing,storage, PrintCentral is a mobile printing app for the iPhone. Using its integration with Box.net, users are now able to access and print their Box files from within PrintCentral.
Starting with official Government-backed information about state schools in England, Schooloscope tries to tease out something interesting from the dry tables of statistics. It shows the school on a map by making the map the background of the page. null deadpool,mapping,uk, Starting with official Government-backed information about state schools in England, Schooloscope tries to tease out something interesting from the dry tables of statistics. It shows the school on a map by making the map the background of the page.
Initt is a simple start page created for spanish-speaking countries. null mapping,microblogging,photo,Spanish,startpage,widgets, Initt is a simple start page created for spanish-speaking countries.
Maps postal codes to geographical coordinates and shows them on a map. null mapping,reference, Maps postal codes to geographical coordinates and shows them on a map.
FeedMashr mashes the daily popular RSS feeds from the popular social bookmarking sites, and others, but also lets you toggle back in time to see hot links that you may have missed. null bookmarks,deadpool,news,rss, FeedMashr mashes the daily popular RSS feeds from the popular social bookmarking sites, and others, but also lets you toggle back in time to see hot links that you may have missed.
A service that allows you to give floral gifts without having to know the recipient&#039;s address. null shopping,social, A service that allows you to give floral gifts without having to know the recipient&#039;s address.
Low cost airline routes mapped. Uses Google&#039;s Maps and AJAX Libraries and shows direct flights for most LCC in the world.    null mapping,reference,shopping,travel, Low cost airline routes mapped. Uses Google&#039;s Maps and AJAX Libraries and shows direct flights for most LCC in the world.   
View weather information in Scandinavia. Uses the Norway Weather API. null deadpool,scandinavia,weather, View weather information in Scandinavia. Uses the Norway Weather API.
More Than F1 is a free, web-based, fantasy F1 Management game. Pick drivers, chassis, engine and sponsors then watch your teama??s fortunes and finances develop! null fantasy,fun,games,racing, More Than F1 is a free, web-based, fantasy F1 Management game. Pick drivers, chassis, engine and sponsors then watch your teama??s fortunes and finances develop!
A place for lunch friends to create groups, add their favorite restaurants to their groups and then vote on where to go out for lunch. null food,mapping,restaurant,social, A place for lunch friends to create groups, add their favorite restaurants to their groups and then vote on where to go out for lunch.
kakao2 is an interactive weather map that allows users to view cloud cover and weather updates by manipulating a map of Asia. null asia,mapping,visualization,weather, kakao2 is an interactive weather map that allows users to view cloud cover and weather updates by manipulating a map of Asia.
Mashup of job postings, interview questions and answers for easy job search and preparation. null jobs,recruiting, Mashup of job postings, interview questions and answers for easy job search and preparation.
Browse or map homes for sale using your GPS location or a custom location. null mapping,realestate,reference,shopping, Browse or map homes for sale using your GPS location or a custom location.
Sitting in our Library, Kalle tells us each time we get a website visitor and gives book reviews using Amazon&#039;s API: enter an ISBN, or scan it using your webcam. All activity is Twittered, too. null books,fun,messaging,photo,robots,shopping, Sitting in our Library, Kalle tells us each time we get a website visitor and gives book reviews using Amazon&#039;s API: enter an ISBN, or scan it using your webcam. All activity is Twittered, too.
Yelp ratings mashed up with Waiters on Wheels online ordering. Requires Firefox and Greasemonkey. null california,deadpool,food, Yelp ratings mashed up with Waiters on Wheels online ordering. Requires Firefox and Greasemonkey.
IFaceSearch is a face search engine based on Bing images and Google images APIs. Results are combined, filtered and ordered to provide more accuracy. null deadpool,photo,search,visualization, IFaceSearch is a face search engine based on Bing images and Google images APIs. Results are combined, filtered and ordered to provide more accuracy.
Doodle Source gathers all Google logos worldwide the second they are changed and keeps an archive where you can browse older Doodles. You can even sort them by country, title and/or date. null deadpool,doodle,google,logo,video, Doodle Source gathers all Google logos worldwide the second they are changed and keeps an archive where you can browse older Doodles. You can even sort them by country, title and/or date.
The intention of Favorizer is to post up to 10 categorized blog links and feed headlines at a time. It is a collection of favorite blogs, footprint of exploring the interesting blogs around the web. null directory,feed,rss, The intention of Favorizer is to post up to 10 categorized blog links and feed headlines at a time. It is a collection of favorite blogs, footprint of exploring the interesting blogs around the web.
What&#039;s the colour of your blog? blogRGB classifies and visualizes blogs in a creative way - treating colours as text-metaphors and using AI classifiers. Analysis of colour metaphors in blog texts can offer fascinating insights. null blog,color,visualization, What&#039;s the colour of your blog? blogRGB classifies and visualizes blogs in a creative way - treating colours as text-metaphors and using AI classifiers. Analysis of colour metaphors in blog texts can offer fascinating insights.
The best way to find the latest Instagram photos from around the world, or around the corner. null fun,mapping,photo,social,visualization, The best way to find the latest Instagram photos from around the world, or around the corner.
Recipes from all your favourite cooking sites displayed for you in one place. null baking,cooking,deadpool,food,recipes,shopping, Recipes from all your favourite cooking sites displayed for you in one place.
Last minute mashup site. Find one dollar or less items ending soon on eBay. null auction,deadpool,shopping, Last minute mashup site. Find one dollar or less items ending soon on eBay.
Search thousands of affiliate offers across 60+ different networks. OfferTrack helps you compare similar offers and fine the best deals to promote. null advertising,affiliate,aggregator,search, Search thousands of affiliate offers across 60+ different networks. OfferTrack helps you compare similar offers and fine the best deals to promote.
Hotelmapz.com is a German search engine for worldwide hotel rooms.  It allows users to search for hotel deals on more than 30 different booking websites with one single query. All available hotels will be shown with actual room rates on Google Maps. null german,mapping,social,travel, Hotelmapz.com is a German search engine for worldwide hotel rooms.  It allows users to search for hotel deals on more than 30 different booking websites with one single query. All available hotels will be shown with actual room rates on Google Maps.
A simple mashup of Google maps and upcoming.org events.  It is complete with tag clouds, tag searches and city searches.  Currently SF bay area events are subscribed, it is trivial to scan other cities too. null events,mapping, A simple mashup of Google maps and upcoming.org events.  It is complete with tag clouds, tag searches and city searches.  Currently SF bay area events are subscribed, it is trivial to scan other cities too.
With this App you can synchronize your Google Contacts to be part of you network on Tradeshift null contacts,network,sync, With this App you can synchronize your Google Contacts to be part of you network on Tradeshift
Xuland is a location-based social network, a &quot;crystal ball&quot; into what&#039;s going on in your own neighborhood or anywhere in the world! null local,mapping,social, Xuland is a location-based social network, a &quot;crystal ball&quot; into what&#039;s going on in your own neighborhood or anywhere in the world!
A travel homepage with content, community and services for people during their trip. Uses the Eventful and Kayak APIs null events,photo,travel, A travel homepage with content, community and services for people during their trip. Uses the Eventful and Kayak APIs
An interactive tour data base with lots of routes - bike, hike, cycle, walk, horse riding - mainly in Germany, Austria and Italy. Anyone can add his own routes and images of top spots around the world. null deadpool,hiking,mapping,sports,walking, An interactive tour data base with lots of routes - bike, hike, cycle, walk, horse riding - mainly in Germany, Austria and Italy. Anyone can add his own routes and images of top spots around the world.
Apartment listings in NYC with Google Maps. null mapping,nyc,realestate, Apartment listings in NYC with Google Maps.
Within Salesforce.com, this Serena Business Mashup manages the process of approving customer reference stories, as well as requests to use customers as a reference for sales opportunities and speaking engagements.   null CRM,deadpool,enterprise,marketing,sales, Within Salesforce.com, this Serena Business Mashup manages the process of approving customer reference stories, as well as requests to use customers as a reference for sales opportunities and speaking engagements.  
With Geoslideshow you can create trails of your travels using Google Maps and Flickr photos. Several Geoslideshows can be created: Static: a map with static photos, Dynamic: a map with more interactivity trough a slideshow, Google Maps, KML. null kml,mapping,photo, With Geoslideshow you can create trails of your travels using Google Maps and Flickr photos. Several Geoslideshows can be created: Static: a map with static photos, Dynamic: a map with more interactivity trough a slideshow, Google Maps, KML.
Avilag Engine created to help you find files that may be useful guides as a general guide, install guide, or just general data that can be read online or download. null guides,pdf,search, Avilag Engine created to help you find files that may be useful guides as a general guide, install guide, or just general data that can be read online or download.
iMapflickr.com allows non-techie users to create fully customizable embeddable google maps of geocoded flickr photosets or search results. You can use it to create maps of your own photos, or other users. null blog,mapping,photo,tools,travel, iMapflickr.com allows non-techie users to create fully customizable embeddable google maps of geocoded flickr photosets or search results. You can use it to create maps of your own photos, or other users.
Bumpr is a free service storing track logs from your GPS device and rendering those track logs as time-based Google Maps for you to share.  null deadpool,gps,mapping, Bumpr is a free service storing track logs from your GPS device and rendering those track logs as time-based Google Maps for you to share. 
Search Last.fm users and see their location on a map.   null mapping,music,reference,search,social,visualization, Search Last.fm users and see their location on a map.  
Use this service to obtain a list of happening venues in the Bay Area on Cell phones: SMS, WAP and email. null deadpool,events,mapping, Use this service to obtain a list of happening venues in the Bay Area on Cell phones: SMS, WAP and email.
1 Ordinateur helps Compare and buy computers. Using the Shopping.com API. null search,shopping,technology, 1 Ordinateur helps Compare and buy computers. Using the Shopping.com API.
Easy way for webmasters or others to geotag their site with geographic meta tags or their RSS feeds with geographic XML tags like GeoRSS. null mapping,rss,utility, Easy way for webmasters or others to geotag their site with geographic meta tags or their RSS feeds with geographic XML tags like GeoRSS.
Get driving map and directions listing the National Public Radio, NPR, stations along your route null deadpool,mapping,NPR,radio,roadtrip,travel, Get driving map and directions listing the National Public Radio, NPR, stations along your route
Browse, search and purchase products from Amazon&#039;s entire product catalog, compare them against eBay listings and Yahoo! shopping. Get via RSS feed or WML on Blackberry. null deadpool,messaging,retail,search, Browse, search and purchase products from Amazon&#039;s entire product catalog, compare them against eBay listings and Yahoo! shopping. Get via RSS feed or WML on Blackberry.
We have just started a new mashup of small business and home worker resources in Calgary, Canada. Our mashup is combining the maps with Google Calendar for conferences, events and shows about small business in Calgary. null canada,deadpool,events,mapping, We have just started a new mashup of small business and home worker resources in Calgary, Canada. Our mashup is combining the maps with Google Calendar for conferences, events and shows about small business in Calgary.
Flash-based interface to Google Talk. Allows you to chat without a client install. Gtalkr also has its own API. null chat, Flash-based interface to Google Talk. Allows you to chat without a client install. Gtalkr also has its own API.
Use &quot;Call the Company&quot; to directly call human representatives at major companies. Just type in the company and/or department you are searching for, and click to connect right in your browser so you don&#039;t have to use expensive cell phone or long-distance minutes. null customer-service,telephony, Use &quot;Call the Company&quot; to directly call human representatives at major companies. Just type in the company and/or department you are searching for, and click to connect right in your browser so you don&#039;t have to use expensive cell phone or long-distance minutes.
This visualization reduces each word from the ESV Bible to a single pixel. Each line is one sentence. The line turns 90 degrees to the right after every sentence. Colors indicate metadata. null bible,religion,visualization, This visualization reduces each word from the ESV Bible to a single pixel. Each line is one sentence. The line turns 90 degrees to the right after every sentence. Colors indicate metadata.
Booking capable website for multi-day adventure tours to Africa. The site is built on the Sentias Content Server with a customized Rezgo XML API parser interface. The website connects to the Rezgo API for content, availability searching, and booking. null africa,deadpool,travel, Booking capable website for multi-day adventure tours to Africa. The site is built on the Sentias Content Server with a customized Rezgo XML API parser interface. The website connects to the Rezgo API for content, availability searching, and booking.
Monitor Twitter for tweets linking to your domains (or competitor&#039;s domains). Add URLs and monitor people posting tweets to these URLs in real-time. null links,monitoring,realtime,statistics,trends,Twitter, Monitor Twitter for tweets linking to your domains (or competitor&#039;s domains). Add URLs and monitor people posting tweets to these URLs in real-time.
Smart Recorder is an audio recording app for the iPhone, and this mashup allows users to save their recordings to their Box.net accounts from within Smart Recorder. null audio,iPhone,mobile,storage, Smart Recorder is an audio recording app for the iPhone, and this mashup allows users to save their recordings to their Box.net accounts from within Smart Recorder.
www.jobsdbcenter.com is a jobs listing mashup site using indeed and google map API . we use also payscale for salary research. null indeed,jobs,salary,search, www.jobsdbcenter.com is a jobs listing mashup site using indeed and google map API . we use also payscale for salary research.
Qabic allows you to effortlessly handle Q&A for your talks/panels by allowing your audience to submit and vote on questions throughout the event. This allows the best questions to be easily accesible both during and after your talk/panel. null answers,events,messaging,questions,tools,voting, Qabic allows you to effortlessly handle Q&A for your talks/panels by allowing your audience to submit and vote on questions throughout the event. This allows the best questions to be easily accesible both during and after your talk/panel.
An interesting set of example plugins for AOL Instant Messenger. Note as of Dec 2006 this appears to be unavailable. null deadpool,messaging, An interesting set of example plugins for AOL Instant Messenger. Note as of Dec 2006 this appears to be unavailable.
Allows Box.net users to share content directly from their Box accounts to their Facebook accounts. null social,storage, Allows Box.net users to share content directly from their Box accounts to their Facebook accounts.
Twitter Search faster. Features include Search-as-you-Type, 21 Twitter Search Languages, Update Notifications and Instant Search Results. null instant,realtime,search,Twitter, Twitter Search faster. Features include Search-as-you-Type, 21 Twitter Search Languages, Update Notifications and Instant Search Results.
Gets your blog&#039;s recent readers and places their avatars on the world map. See where your readers come from. null blogs,deadpool,mapping,social, Gets your blog&#039;s recent readers and places their avatars on the world map. See where your readers come from.
Turf Stomping is a location-based turf battle game that rewards and encourages traveling and learning about different neighborhoods. This game requires a laptop and works anywhere in the world where there&#039;s a wifi connection. Formerly known as Turf Bombing. null games,geocoding,mapping,wifi, Turf Stomping is a location-based turf battle game that rewards and encourages traveling and learning about different neighborhoods. This game requires a laptop and works anywhere in the world where there&#039;s a wifi connection. Formerly known as Turf Bombing.
Steal statuses and names of your friends on Facebook. null art,deadpool,social, Steal statuses and names of your friends on Facebook.
fitsquare sends users real-time messages in order to encourage them to check in to healthy venues on foursquare. They can also earn exclusive badges, compete against friends and track progress. Plus it&#039;s completely free to participate! null geolocation,search, fitsquare sends users real-time messages in order to encourage them to check in to healthy venues on foursquare. They can also earn exclusive badges, compete against friends and track progress. Plus it&#039;s completely free to participate!
united states online job vacancy, searc a million job vacancy in united states null job,online,search,vacancies, united states online job vacancy, searc a million job vacancy in united states
Unlock knowledge of the local market and gain an edge when buying or selling real estate. Answers are provided by local real estate agents eager to represent you in a transaction. null realestate,reference,search,shopping,social, Unlock knowledge of the local market and gain an edge when buying or selling real estate. Answers are provided by local real estate agents eager to represent you in a transaction.
World news streaming TV mashup with Google Maps. Watch live world news TV from various TV channels like CNN, BBC, Sky News, ABC News Now, CCTV-9 China, Iran PressTV, France24, CNN IBN India, and Russia Today. Windows Media player required. null bbc,CNN,news,streaming,television,video, World news streaming TV mashup with Google Maps. Watch live world news TV from various TV channels like CNN, BBC, Sky News, ABC News Now, CCTV-9 China, Iran PressTV, France24, CNN IBN India, and Russia Today. Windows Media player required.
Technology job listings using the JobCentral Jobs API. Listings for system engineers, programmers, analyst, testers, directors, developers, managers, architects, and CTOs. null jobs,recruiting,technology, Technology job listings using the JobCentral Jobs API. Listings for system engineers, programmers, analyst, testers, directors, developers, managers, architects, and CTOs.
Users can navigate to California counties through an interactive map and see the trends of population, income, unemployment, new housing units, etc. over a number of past years.  The application plots diverse metrics on the same chart to allow users to compare and contrast the patterns of growth and decline in various categories and the relationships between them. null appsforcalifornians,california,deadpool,mapping, Users can navigate to California counties through an interactive map and see the trends of population, income, unemployment, new housing units, etc. over a number of past years.  The application plots diverse metrics on the same chart to allow users to compare and contrast the patterns of growth and decline in various categories and the relationships between them.
RouterComp is a shopping comparison and search site for networking equipment. Find the best price for new and used hardware and compare online stores to auction prices. It uses the Shopping.com and eBay APIs. null auction,deadpool,shopping, RouterComp is a shopping comparison and search site for networking equipment. Find the best price for new and used hardware and compare online stores to auction prices. It uses the Shopping.com and eBay APIs.
A site that is powered by the TravelFusion Direct Connect XML API null aviation,flights,LCC,search,travel, A site that is powered by the TravelFusion Direct Connect XML API
Start discovering new places and unrut yourself! Search, tell us where you&#039;ve been, and track places you want to go. null fun,local,mapping,social, Start discovering new places and unrut yourself! Search, tell us where you&#039;ve been, and track places you want to go.
A very simple New York area craigslist apartment listings/google maps mashup. null apartments,craigslist,mapping,nyc,realestate, A very simple New York area craigslist apartment listings/google maps mashup.
upforgame is a video game review aggregator that gathers game information from internet. null deadpool,games,reviews,video, upforgame is a video game review aggregator that gathers game information from internet.
Answering the question: Where is it safe to travel in the world? This is a mashup of the UK&#039;s F&CO travel advice data, which they provide as a list on their website, and Google Maps. null government,holidays,mapping,travel, Answering the question: Where is it safe to travel in the world? This is a mashup of the UK&#039;s F&CO travel advice data, which they provide as a list on their website, and Google Maps.
This application was developed for the art program at the new San Jose Airport terminals. Each of the dozens of digital art installations at the airport has a unique code. People at the airport will be able to call a number, enter a code and hear a curatorial comment on that piece. null deadpool,fun,mobile,reference,telephony, This application was developed for the art program at the new San Jose Airport terminals. Each of the dozens of digital art installations at the airport has a unique code. People at the airport will be able to call a number, enter a code and hear a curatorial comment on that piece.
MSHT3 is a pure Google Maps version 3 mashup utilizing new Google Geocoding and Elevation services, combined with Yahoo! Query Language accessing Yahoo! Geoplanet. US Zip Code and County polygons are displayed, when available, from PropertyMaps.com. null geocoding,geoplanet,google,maps,yql, MSHT3 is a pure Google Maps version 3 mashup utilizing new Google Geocoding and Elevation services, combined with Yahoo! Query Language accessing Yahoo! Geoplanet. US Zip Code and County polygons are displayed, when available, from PropertyMaps.com.
Browse through trees of the world, categorized by country. When you click a tree link, photos are retrieved from Flickr and displayed. null education,photo,trees, Browse through trees of the world, categorized by country. When you click a tree link, photos are retrieved from Flickr and displayed.
StepRep allows you to monitor, manage and build your online reputation.  StepRep searches websites, blogs, twitter, social containers and photo and video sites. null alerts,deadpool,photo,reputation,search,social, StepRep allows you to monitor, manage and build your online reputation.  StepRep searches websites, blogs, twitter, social containers and photo and video sites.
Daily communication with clients happens mainly by email. Email clients don???t do a good job at displaying a summary of information about contacts - CRM apps are much better at it. Getting emails into a CRM means adding an obscure address as BCC for every email address you send and forwarding incoming emails to that same address. That???s just bad. What if emails and attachments magically appeared within the CRM? Our integration achieves this.  null CRM,email, Daily communication with clients happens mainly by email. Email clients don???t do a good job at displaying a summary of information about contacts - CRM apps are much better at it. Getting emails into a CRM means adding an obscure address as BCC for every email address you send and forwarding incoming emails to that same address. That???s just bad. What if emails and attachments magically appeared within the CRM? Our integration achieves this. 
Calculate the driving distance between cities in km and miles. null deadpool,mapping,tools, Calculate the driving distance between cities in km and miles.
Bring online services to people without mobile Internet acces. Using a simple text message, people can use Facebook, Twitter, Viadeo and more. null messaging,sms,social,tools, Bring online services to people without mobile Internet acces. Using a simple text message, people can use Facebook, Twitter, Viadeo and more.
Create video and photo ecards. Lets you integrate community content from Facebook, Flickr Picasa, and YouTube. Collaborate with a social ecard. null birthday,ecard,photo,shopping,video, Create video and photo ecards. Lets you integrate community content from Facebook, Flickr Picasa, and YouTube. Collaborate with a social ecard.
Visualizes opportunities, leads, cases and accounts in a single interactive chart report. Allows drill-down and grouping by type, source, stage, status, industry, country, etc. Generates list reports with click-through to your salesforce.com account. null analytics,CRM,enterprise,widgets,youcalc, Visualizes opportunities, leads, cases and accounts in a single interactive chart report. Allows drill-down and grouping by type, source, stage, status, industry, country, etc. Generates list reports with click-through to your salesforce.com account.
Get deals from Kayak.com on cell phones -- SMS, Email or WAP -- using 411Sync Mobile API. null deadpool,messaging,shopping,travel, Get deals from Kayak.com on cell phones -- SMS, Email or WAP -- using 411Sync Mobile API.
iPod Radar helps people iPods and accessories as well as iPod news, blogs, links, software and more. null auction,bookmarks,deadpool,music,podcast,shopping, iPod Radar helps people iPods and accessories as well as iPod news, blogs, links, software and more.
HireADroid is Android app that supports simultaneous job search across 6 major job search engines (LinkUp, Beyond, LinkedIn, Indeed, SimplyHired and CareerBuilder) null android,jobs,search, HireADroid is Android app that supports simultaneous job search across 6 major job search engines (LinkUp, Beyond, LinkedIn, Indeed, SimplyHired and CareerBuilder)
Travel search engine, with last minute offers, and travel destination information in Danish. null denmark,mapping,photo,travel,weather, Travel search engine, with last minute offers, and travel destination information in Danish.
Sellf is a mobile CRM solution that lets you manage business opportunities on-the-go, quickly and intuitively. Users can automatically log customer interactions, record new contacts and deals while moving, sync in the cloud, and better understand the relationship between sales and your actions. null business,CRM,management,tools, Sellf is a mobile CRM solution that lets you manage business opportunities on-the-go, quickly and intuitively. Users can automatically log customer interactions, record new contacts and deals while moving, sync in the cloud, and better understand the relationship between sales and your actions.
Search for city properties and view listings via Google Maps. null boston,mapping,nyc,realestate, Search for city properties and view listings via Google Maps.
Vizoor is a stunning and fast visual Internet Search engine, it uses the latest web search API from Bing (Microsoft). It shows results in a beautiful 3D perspective format , it is developed using Silverlight and asp.net technologies. null api,boss,live,search,Web,Yahoo, Vizoor is a stunning and fast visual Internet Search engine, it uses the latest web search API from Bing (Microsoft). It shows results in a beautiful 3D perspective format , it is developed using Silverlight and asp.net technologies.
Track new releases for books, movies, music, and video games. Add authors, actors, directors, musicians, publishers, etc. to favorites and get notified when new releases come out from that list. null books,deadpool,movies,music,video, Track new releases for books, movies, music, and video games. Add authors, actors, directors, musicians, publishers, etc. to favorites and get notified when new releases come out from that list.
Square Root Calculator that uses Google Chart API formulas. null charts,deadpool,Math,science,utility, Square Root Calculator that uses Google Chart API formulas.
Virginia Beach and Norfolk area rental ads with syndication to Google Base, Oodle, VAST and Edgeio. null mapping,realestate,virginia, Virginia Beach and Norfolk area rental ads with syndication to Google Base, Oodle, VAST and Edgeio.
This mashup allows Box.net users to send documents in their Box accounts as snail mail using PostalMethods. null mail,shipping,storage, This mashup allows Box.net users to send documents in their Box accounts as snail mail using PostalMethods.
Shows changing set of photographs based on time of day they were taken. null deadpool,photo,search, Shows changing set of photographs based on time of day they were taken.
Browse the #1 hits from the past 60 years and read the news during that time! null fun,history,music,news, Browse the #1 hits from the past 60 years and read the news during that time!
MuveQ.com lets you add movies to your Netflix.com or Blockbuster.com queue via SMS text message from your cell phone. null chat,messaging,movies,netflix, MuveQ.com lets you add movies to your Netflix.com or Blockbuster.com queue via SMS text message from your cell phone.
Where the Political Parties like to Party.  Map of fundraiser, lobbying and other political parties and their beneficiaries.  null dc,gov,Lobbying,MapLarge,mapping,politics, Where the Political Parties like to Party.  Map of fundraiser, lobbying and other political parties and their beneficiaries. 
Showcase your products on Commonplace - online visual merchandising for eBay and Amazon stores and Etsy shops. Loved by curators, collectors and shoppers. Get a free Commonplace account today. null curator,display,shopping,showcase,social, Showcase your products on Commonplace - online visual merchandising for eBay and Amazon stores and Etsy shops. Loved by curators, collectors and shoppers. Get a free Commonplace account today.
Part of the FORMAT Festival is a Flash App, PHOTOCINEMA, integrated with Flickr. Displays photo submissions from users around the world. null deadpool,flash,photo, Part of the FORMAT Festival is a Flash App, PHOTOCINEMA, integrated with Flickr. Displays photo submissions from users around the world.
Free music video playlists. Enjoy MTV, YouTube and Vimeo music videos in single playlist. null deadpool,fun,music,video, Free music video playlists. Enjoy MTV, YouTube and Vimeo music videos in single playlist.
A mashup adding information from last.fm, amazon, the BBC and through them Music Brainz and Wikipedia, as well as music from LazyTune and videos from Google to the Glastonbury 2009 lineup. Includes Facebook app to mark bands. null biography,discography,glastonbury,music,stream,video, A mashup adding information from last.fm, amazon, the BBC and through them Music Brainz and Wikipedia, as well as music from LazyTune and videos from Google to the Glastonbury 2009 lineup. Includes Facebook app to mark bands.
Get ice breakers (conversation starters) via SMS and be the life of the party. null conversation,fun,sms,social, Get ice breakers (conversation starters) via SMS and be the life of the party.
CriminalBase.com provides instant criminal background checks to consumers and businesses. null crime,information,search,tools, CriminalBase.com provides instant criminal background checks to consumers and businesses.
SCANBUY Shopper is a Shopping Assistant for your mobile phone. The application allows the user to search for online offers while in a store using the barcodes barcode on the products. null deadpool,mobile,shopping, SCANBUY Shopper is a Shopping Assistant for your mobile phone. The application allows the user to search for online offers while in a store using the barcodes barcode on the products.
Having trouble finding new tracks to listen to on SoundCloud? Just choose a genre (or choose All Genres) and RandomCloud will play songs randomly.  null music,search, Having trouble finding new tracks to listen to on SoundCloud? Just choose a genre (or choose All Genres) and RandomCloud will play songs randomly. 
Quest utilizes all of the KQED Public Broadcasting media platforms.  Interactive site uses Google Map and Flickr mashups to present high-quality television programs, radio spots, blog postings, education guides, and map-based explorations. null education,mapping,photo,science,television, Quest utilizes all of the KQED Public Broadcasting media platforms.  Interactive site uses Google Map and Flickr mashups to present high-quality television programs, radio spots, blog postings, education guides, and map-based explorations.
Discover Music you like using tag cloud of similar artists inclusing videoclips. Powered by Google Java App Engine. null biography,discovery,lyrics,music,Tagcloud,video, Discover Music you like using tag cloud of similar artists inclusing videoclips. Powered by Google Java App Engine.
A rich, dynamic mashup of Australian real estate websites onto the virtual earth map. Users can store favourites, and view full property details using lightboxes. null Australia,deadpool,mapping,realestate, A rich, dynamic mashup of Australian real estate websites onto the virtual earth map. Users can store favourites, and view full property details using lightboxes.
Helps you find local groups and events. The site focuses on bringing like-minded people together and encouraging real-life meet ups. null clubs,deadpool,events,Groups,local,social, Helps you find local groups and events. The site focuses on bringing like-minded people together and encouraging real-life meet ups.
Achivy adds some fun and gamification to your social life. Add Twitter,Tumblr, Foursquare Gowalla , Flickr, Stackoverflow, Klout and many other applications to your profile to see how many achievements, badges,scores you have and follow your progress. You can keep up with your friends, and see the other peoplea??s achievements and activities - achivies.   null development,gamification,social, Achivy adds some fun and gamification to your social life. Add Twitter,Tumblr, Foursquare Gowalla , Flickr, Stackoverflow, Klout and many other applications to your profile to see how many achievements, badges,scores you have and follow your progress. You can keep up with your friends, and see the other peoplea??s achievements and activities - achivies.  
Dashboard showing how a sales executive can quickly assess performance at all levels within the organization. An initial summary view provides a visual alert of under-performing regions and allows the executive to drill down to regional performance. Sales data is further broken down to look at metrics for sales teams as well as individual representatives allowing managers to spot and address potential issues. null dashboard,sales, Dashboard showing how a sales executive can quickly assess performance at all levels within the organization. An initial summary view provides a visual alert of under-performing regions and allows the executive to drill down to regional performance. Sales data is further broken down to look at metrics for sales teams as well as individual representatives allowing managers to spot and address potential issues.
Prodcast is a website where you can comment on the products you love and share them with your friends on Facebook and Twitter. null deadpool,search,shopping,social, Prodcast is a website where you can comment on the products you love and share them with your friends on Facebook and Twitter.
The premise is simple: it shows you 4 pictures, only 3 of which belong together, if you spot the exception, you win. Yahoo Image Search API used to dynamically get the images. null deadpool,games, The premise is simple: it shows you 4 pictures, only 3 of which belong together, if you spot the exception, you win. Yahoo Image Search API used to dynamically get the images.
An events discovery service that blends event descriptions with interactive multimedia and community enhancements. Like a wiki, you can add text, images, and video to any event. null deadpool,events,photo,social,video, An events discovery service that blends event descriptions with interactive multimedia and community enhancements. Like a wiki, you can add text, images, and video to any event.
This page answers the question: Where can I go for under a certain amount of money? It displays airfares under a user defined amount of money on a Google map. null mapping,travel, This page answers the question: Where can I go for under a certain amount of money? It displays airfares under a user defined amount of money on a Google map.
A federated media upload platform supporting a multitude of both output and input APIs, providers, protocols and applications. null microblogging,photo,tools,upload,video, A federated media upload platform supporting a multitude of both output and input APIs, providers, protocols and applications.
Price and feature comparison of new and used office equipment - copiers, faxs, printing supplies. Uses the eBay and Shopping.com APIs. null auction,deadpool,shopping, Price and feature comparison of new and used office equipment - copiers, faxs, printing supplies. Uses the eBay and Shopping.com APIs.
vuzzbox is a user interface for visual web browsing using voice commands.   vuzzbox is powered by Drupal, Twilio, iSpeech and Amazon&#039;s DynamoDB  vuzzbox is the embodiment of the &quot;programmable web&quot;. It allows for a variety of uses including: Voice over IP in a plug and play browser client, Fast, accurate speech-to-text conversion from a hosted service, A scalable, instantly responsive data-store that can be leveraged to serve as traffic manager between these API&#039;s, browsers and web servers, All programmable with simple calls in PHP?  null internet,visualization,Voice, vuzzbox is a user interface for visual web browsing using voice commands.   vuzzbox is powered by Drupal, Twilio, iSpeech and Amazon&#039;s DynamoDB  vuzzbox is the embodiment of the &quot;programmable web&quot;. It allows for a variety of uses including: Voice over IP in a plug and play browser client, Fast, accurate speech-to-text conversion from a hosted service, A scalable, instantly responsive data-store that can be leveraged to serve as traffic manager between these API&#039;s, browsers and web servers, All programmable with simple calls in PHP? 
Guide to events, attractions and businesses for cities across the United States. Formerly called usguidez. null events,mapping, Guide to events, attractions and businesses for cities across the United States. Formerly called usguidez.
Join MapGameDay.com on April 29th as we live map the NFL Draft.  View drafted players by NFL Team, Hometown, and College. null mapping,sports, Join MapGameDay.com on April 29th as we live map the NFL Draft.  View drafted players by NFL Team, Hometown, and College.
A window on the lives of Bristol folk, exploring quite literally the locations where people Live, Work, and Play, mapping the triangle of their lives across the city.   null bristol,deadpool,mapping,uk, A window on the lives of Bristol folk, exploring quite literally the locations where people Live, Work, and Play, mapping the triangle of their lives across the city.  
Enter 1 song, get 150 similar songs back, create your own MTV. Combines Last.FM & Youtube. There&#039;s also a Facebook integration that let you discover music your friends like. Uses Bit.ly in order to share playlist urls. null music,search,video, Enter 1 song, get 150 similar songs back, create your own MTV. Combines Last.FM & Youtube. There&#039;s also a Facebook integration that let you discover music your friends like. Uses Bit.ly in order to share playlist urls.
AdWords Management for the rest of us. Automatically monitors and adjusts pricing so that AdWords campaigns have better results, meaning, more sales and lower cost. It runs automatically so that customers do not even need to log in. null ads,deadpool, AdWords Management for the rest of us. Automatically monitors and adjusts pricing so that AdWords campaigns have better results, meaning, more sales and lower cost. It runs automatically so that customers do not even need to log in.
A map that color codes points of interest (POI) concentration. Base map has a little over two million POI. Uses Spatial Databox as back-end to delivery real-time data aggregation. null deadpool,graphics,mapping,visualization, A map that color codes points of interest (POI) concentration. Base map has a little over two million POI. Uses Spatial Databox as back-end to delivery real-time data aggregation.
After you have logged in to MapYourBuddies, this mashup will display your friends from Facebook on a Google Map and give gift recommendations from Amazon based on your friends favorite music. null mapping,music,social, After you have logged in to MapYourBuddies, this mashup will display your friends from Facebook on a Google Map and give gift recommendations from Amazon based on your friends favorite music.
We-Wired Web is a community-extensible integration-as-a-service web app that lets non-technical people easily share data between web services, while allowing technical people to extend the system by adding new web services, triggers, and actions via wiring diagrams. null development,mashup,tools, We-Wired Web is a community-extensible integration-as-a-service web app that lets non-technical people easily share data between web services, while allowing technical people to extend the system by adding new web services, triggers, and actions via wiring diagrams.
Flip through random articles from Wikipedia in your favorite language. Currently supported in English, Deutsch, Espanol, Francais, Italiano, Polski, Portugues, and Svenska null articles,Random,reference,widgets,wiki,wikipedia, Flip through random articles from Wikipedia in your favorite language. Currently supported in English, Deutsch, Espanol, Francais, Italiano, Polski, Portugues, and Svenska
I Am A Footy Fan uses the FanFeedr API to provide news on teams and competitions on its website and managed Facebook pages. By using FanFeedr&#039;s API to select the most relevant content sources, I Am A Footy Fan provides a breadth of coverage that can&#039;t be found anywhere else.  null deadpool,news,reference,sports, I Am A Footy Fan uses the FanFeedr API to provide news on teams and competitions on its website and managed Facebook pages. By using FanFeedr&#039;s API to select the most relevant content sources, I Am A Footy Fan provides a breadth of coverage that can&#039;t be found anywhere else. 
Allows you to read news by your Del.icio.us tags. null bookmarks,deadpool,news, Allows you to read news by your Del.icio.us tags.
Access to all of your local Groupon deals, even the ones that don&#039;t reach your mailbox. Find out about deals in other cities that you can participate in. Uses Groupon API and offers email support. null search,shopping, Access to all of your local Groupon deals, even the ones that don&#039;t reach your mailbox. Find out about deals in other cities that you can participate in. Uses Groupon API and offers email support.
See posts from Twitter social networking site, plotted by location on Google Maps. null chat,deadpool,mapping,messaging, See posts from Twitter social networking site, plotted by location on Google Maps.
This mashup is a world wide directory that aggregates data from multiple sources and allows users to find cheap places to live.  null aggregate,information,mapping,search, This mashup is a world wide directory that aggregates data from multiple sources and allows users to find cheap places to live. 
Allows embedding of editable widgets in a Wiki and provides a simple framework for writing new widgets. null deadpool,mapping,widgets,wiki, Allows embedding of editable widgets in a Wiki and provides a simple framework for writing new widgets.
Upload your Dive profiles from any Suunto dive computer or bottom timer. Reports generated automatically with depth-time profile chart, vertical speed chart etc. Attach GPX track logs from your GPS. Attach photos from Flickr or videos from Youtube. null diving,mapping,photo,scuba,sports,video, Upload your Dive profiles from any Suunto dive computer or bottom timer. Reports generated automatically with depth-time profile chart, vertical speed chart etc. Attach GPX track logs from your GPS. Attach photos from Flickr or videos from Youtube.
Are you wasting your time walking from one station to another? You can&#039;t find a bike? Or you can&#039;t find a slot to put the bike you are using?  With this app you&#039;ll see how many bikes are available at Bicing&#039;s stations, have a list of your favorite stations and a map of the whole city. null barcelona,biking,cycling, Are you wasting your time walking from one station to another? You can&#039;t find a bike? Or you can&#039;t find a slot to put the bike you are using?  With this app you&#039;ll see how many bikes are available at Bicing&#039;s stations, have a list of your favorite stations and a map of the whole city.
Be the first to know when somebody mentions your company, your name or your favorite product in a blog.	   null blog,deadpool,messaging,notification,social, Be the first to know when somebody mentions your company, your name or your favorite product in a blog.	  
A University project that intends to provide multiple information about places around the world making use of content retrieved from Wikipedia, Wikimedia Commons, Youtube, Google, news, and classified ads. null ads,mapping,news,photos,video,wikipedia, A University project that intends to provide multiple information about places around the world making use of content retrieved from Wikipedia, Wikimedia Commons, Youtube, Google, news, and classified ads.
WM 2006 Information Mashup with all WM cities and countries and additional data. There are also all official team news and cup news viewed which are available via RSS. null deadpool,mapping,sports, WM 2006 Information Mashup with all WM cities and countries and additional data. There are also all official team news and cup news viewed which are available via RSS.
Classifieds listings via Windows Live Expo for your zip code on Google Maps with Geocoding provided by Yahoo. null auction,mapping,shopping, Classifieds listings via Windows Live Expo for your zip code on Google Maps with Geocoding provided by Yahoo.
History of a day search. Enter a day and sort results by rank, year and name. Filter popular keywords like Birthdays, wars, events, deaths, etc. or use advanced filters to search categories, types and attributes.   null reference,search,social, History of a day search. Enter a day and sort results by rank, year and name. Filter popular keywords like Birthdays, wars, events, deaths, etc. or use advanced filters to search categories, types and attributes.  
Make your 30 Boxes or Google Calendar talk. null deadpool,IVR,speech,TTS, Make your 30 Boxes or Google Calendar talk.
mapTheGraph is a location based social network, currently integrated with Facebook. It lets you update and share interesting places you&#039;ve been to on a map. It is a social network that replaces the status update with the location update. null location,mapping,social, mapTheGraph is a location based social network, currently integrated with Facebook. It lets you update and share interesting places you&#039;ve been to on a map. It is a social network that replaces the status update with the location update.
A Twilio SMS / Weather Underground integration. Dial my Twilio number +1(415)599-2671 and text &#039;7392-3266 thor&#039; to find out the places in Canada which will have thunder in the next 36 hours. Other weather forecast commands available: &#039;clear&#039;, &#039;overcast&#039;, &#039;cloud&#039;, &#039;fog&#039;, &#039;rain&#039;, &#039;thunder&#039;, &#039;snow&#039;, &#039;ice age&#039;. Only in Canada eh? null messaging,sms,weather, A Twilio SMS / Weather Underground integration. Dial my Twilio number +1(415)599-2671 and text &#039;7392-3266 thor&#039; to find out the places in Canada which will have thunder in the next 36 hours. Other weather forecast commands available: &#039;clear&#039;, &#039;overcast&#039;, &#039;cloud&#039;, &#039;fog&#039;, &#039;rain&#039;, &#039;thunder&#039;, &#039;snow&#039;, &#039;ice age&#039;. Only in Canada eh?
Keep abreast of upcoming Salesforce.com events with this integrated Google Calendar. null calendar,deadpool,enterprise,events, Keep abreast of upcoming Salesforce.com events with this integrated Google Calendar.
Based on the date of a special event in your life, this service announces/tweets your event with a link to your Amazon wish list, allowing your Twitter followers to buy you stuff off your list to help you celebrate. null deadpool,fun,messaging,microblogging,shopping,social, Based on the date of a special event in your life, this service announces/tweets your event with a link to your Amazon wish list, allowing your Twitter followers to buy you stuff off your list to help you celebrate.
Make your own search collage. You upload an image, select a search query, and application will build a collage of the the picture using image tiles found with Yahoo Image Search API. null deadpool,photo, Make your own search collage. You upload an image, select a search query, and application will build a collage of the the picture using image tiles found with Yahoo Image Search API.
Calls you when you&#039;ve lost your phone, and lets you record a public message telling everyone where you found it. null telephony,Voice, Calls you when you&#039;ve lost your phone, and lets you record a public message telling everyone where you found it.
Customizable widgets leveraging the FanFeedr API with an easy-to-use form. They are included on the Forbes and SF Gate sites.  null deadpool,sports,widgets, Customizable widgets leveraging the FanFeedr API with an easy-to-use form. They are included on the Forbes and SF Gate sites. 
MoreMap is a Google Maps Mashup which allows users to track packages, find radio stations, local banks, movie theaters with up to the minute show times, track earthquakes, view interesting places, save places, and get directions. null mapping,music,radio,shipping,travel,weather, MoreMap is a Google Maps Mashup which allows users to track packages, find radio stations, local banks, movie theaters with up to the minute show times, track earthquakes, view interesting places, save places, and get directions.
Shared Search is a way for you and your contact to perform searches on the same keywords and view the results together. Results are synchronised and will open in the Shared Search browse window inside Messenger. null deadpool,messaging,search, Shared Search is a way for you and your contact to perform searches on the same keywords and view the results together. Results are synchronised and will open in the Shared Search browse window inside Messenger.
Maps of major felonies reported in Houston by police beat. null crime,deadpool,houston,mapping,news,texas, Maps of major felonies reported in Houston by police beat.
Google maps and a "shout" site that has a "Roaming geek", find the Geek and shout any message you want on any location on the map. null mapping, Google maps and a "shout" site that has a "Roaming geek", find the Geek and shout any message you want on any location on the map.
MyStoreRewards integrates with the eBay and PayPal API to deliver a turn-key buyer reward program. null auction,shopping, MyStoreRewards integrates with the eBay and PayPal API to deliver a turn-key buyer reward program.
Map-based parenting community. null deadpool,parenting,ratings,user-generated,web20, Map-based parenting community.
View real-time ski conditions for ski resorts all over the world on Google Map along with webcams, resort information, trail maps and weather forecasts. Snowcast feature predicts which resorts will have the best snowfall in next 24 hours. null deadpool,sports,weather,webcams, View real-time ski conditions for ski resorts all over the world on Google Map along with webcams, resort information, trail maps and weather forecasts. Snowcast feature predicts which resorts will have the best snowfall in next 24 hours.
Recommendations channel on Passado is a new feature that allows users to pick their favourite Books, Films and Music, write reviews, read reviews and even buy items online. Integrates with Amazon. null books,deadpool,music,shopping,videos, Recommendations channel on Passado is a new feature that allows users to pick their favourite Books, Films and Music, write reviews, read reviews and even buy items online. Integrates with Amazon.
Help us build the best source for healthy living and local news by submitting your tips, events and links so that we can all learn to live a more eco-friendly lifestyle. null events,mapping,uk, Help us build the best source for healthy living and local news by submitting your tips, events and links so that we can all learn to live a more eco-friendly lifestyle.
Shahi is a visual dictionary that combines Wiktionary content with Flickr and other images.  null Dictionary,visualization,wiki,wiktionary, Shahi is a visual dictionary that combines Wiktionary content with Flickr and other images. 
Opens a web browser in Messenger to share URLs, search the web and monitor URLs you and your contacts are typing without needing to open a web browser. null chat,deadpool, Opens a web browser in Messenger to share URLs, search the web and monitor URLs you and your contacts are typing without needing to open a web browser.
Show a stream of your online activity using this jQuery lifestream plugin. null reference,search,social, Show a stream of your online activity using this jQuery lifestream plugin.
Lets sellers create a web catalog from their shops. It can be used as the seller homepage, because it integrates Twitter, Blog, and Etsy accounts. It also can be widgetized and included in any other website. null blogs,mapping,microblogging,shopping,widgets, Lets sellers create a web catalog from their shops. It can be used as the seller homepage, because it integrates Twitter, Blog, and Etsy accounts. It also can be widgetized and included in any other website.
TalentExpo is a community site which allows you to display your talents and passions as well as create personal pages with generated content. In French. null art,deadpool,flash,mp3,photo,video, TalentExpo is a community site which allows you to display your talents and passions as well as create personal pages with generated content. In French.
A Graffiti Mashup that gathers News, Images, Movies, and Events using APIs from Eventful, Flickr and YouTube. null deadpool,events,Graffiti,news,photo,video, A Graffiti Mashup that gathers News, Images, Movies, and Events using APIs from Eventful, Flickr and YouTube.
Fetches all upcoming movies on belgian tv and links them to movie sites null belgium,movie,tools,TV, Fetches all upcoming movies on belgian tv and links them to movie sites
Using this service, you can obtain photos from Flickr, either by userid or a tag search, on your handheld device. Your handheld device can be a WAP enabled phone or an IPAQ, Palm etc. null deadpool,messaging,photo, Using this service, you can obtain photos from Flickr, either by userid or a tag search, on your handheld device. Your handheld device can be a WAP enabled phone or an IPAQ, Palm etc.
Mob Mojo is a fun way to discover the best content about famous people mentioned on Twitter. Find articles, videos, and photos about celebrities, actors, actresses, politicians, athletes, musicians, and more. null articles,celebrities,photos,videos, Mob Mojo is a fun way to discover the best content about famous people mentioned on Twitter. Find articles, videos, and photos about celebrities, actors, actresses, politicians, athletes, musicians, and more.
SongSeek lets you search for, stream and share any song. Uses the Seeqpod API. With a search engine that also provides users with flash widgets which can be embedded on social networks or personal websites. null flash,music,playlist,search,widget, SongSeek lets you search for, stream and share any song. Uses the Seeqpod API. With a search engine that also provides users with flash widgets which can be embedded on social networks or personal websites.
Browse world wide HotOrNot users on this Google Map. NOTE: as of March 30 2007 appears to be dead. null dating,deadpool,mapping, Browse world wide HotOrNot users on this Google Map. NOTE: as of March 30 2007 appears to be dead.
Gophernow helps you find food, especially late at night. Search by open or delivering restaurants, see reviews and menus, and call directly from your browser using Skype. null deadpool,food,mapping,messaging, Gophernow helps you find food, especially late at night. Search by open or delivering restaurants, see reviews and menus, and call directly from your browser using Skype.
Facebook app that displays all your Last.FM charts and recently purchased items from Items. Allows previewing of music and has artist profiles with Music Videos from MTV. null music,shopping,social,video, Facebook app that displays all your Last.FM charts and recently purchased items from Items. Allows previewing of music and has artist profiles with Music Videos from MTV.
Call-Forward gives you a &quot;virtual&quot; telephone number for relaying voice and SMS. If you have friends, family and colleagues who live far away, you can maintain your close connections by having a telephone number that is a local call for all of them. null deadpool,messaging,mobile,telephony,Voice, Call-Forward gives you a &quot;virtual&quot; telephone number for relaying voice and SMS. If you have friends, family and colleagues who live far away, you can maintain your close connections by having a telephone number that is a local call for all of them.
Heat map of solar power in California over the last decade. Year selector that allows you to see the change in solar from year to year. null california,energy,green,mapping, Heat map of solar power in California over the last decade. Year selector that allows you to see the change in solar from year to year.
Droidin is first ever LinkedIn app on Android platform. After 2 years and 3 incarnations it is entirely LinkedIn API based and continues be the most full featured LinkedIn app on the Android market null android,jobs,social, Droidin is first ever LinkedIn app on Android platform. After 2 years and 3 incarnations it is entirely LinkedIn API based and continues be the most full featured LinkedIn app on the Android market
Integrated map of London&#039;s bus routes. null bus,london,mapping,transit,travel, Integrated map of London&#039;s bus routes.
A mashup showing tweets on a Google Map. View results via keyword search. null deadpool,mapping,microblogging,reference,search,visualization, A mashup showing tweets on a Google Map. View results via keyword search.
Frugalytics is a comparison shopping and deal finder that aggregates deals from around the web.  null search,shopping, Frugalytics is a comparison shopping and deal finder that aggregates deals from around the web. 
A tool to check at-a-glance the link popularity of any site based on its ranking from Google PageRank, Alexa Rank, Technorati etc., social bookmarks like del.icio.us, subscribers on Bloglines, etc. null analytics,bookmarks,internet,metrics, A tool to check at-a-glance the link popularity of any site based on its ranking from Google PageRank, Alexa Rank, Technorati etc., social bookmarks like del.icio.us, subscribers on Bloglines, etc.
MicroForecast for MicroBlogging! Powered by GoogleAPI Enter a place. The App will read weather forecasts from Google API, then posts them on @MalvaWeather twitter profile. null blogging,forecast,weather, MicroForecast for MicroBlogging! Powered by GoogleAPI Enter a place. The App will read weather forecasts from Google API, then posts them on @MalvaWeather twitter profile.
Easy to use mashup for finding Free and Pay WiFi hotspots in the US. Search by address or browse by double clicking on the map. Extensive listings. null deadpool,mapping,search,wifi, Easy to use mashup for finding Free and Pay WiFi hotspots in the US. Search by address or browse by double clicking on the map. Extensive listings.
FriendLynx enables you to find your Facebook friends on Twitter and follow them in a couple of clicks. You can also create Twitter lists with your Facebook friends and follow then through these lists. Also installing this application will help your Facebook friends to find you on Twitter.  null microblogging,search,social, FriendLynx enables you to find your Facebook friends on Twitter and follow them in a couple of clicks. You can also create Twitter lists with your Facebook friends and follow then through these lists. Also installing this application will help your Facebook friends to find you on Twitter. 
Service that motivates and rewards people for being active. null health,sports, Service that motivates and rewards people for being active.
Penetrating, sometimes funny thoughts from great minds of the world, especially from the ancient land of wisdom, India. null quotes, Penetrating, sometimes funny thoughts from great minds of the world, especially from the ancient land of wisdom, India.
Makes a page of Spotify playlist links, recommended new releases and albums for Last.fm users. null music,search,social, Makes a page of Spotify playlist links, recommended new releases and albums for Last.fm users.
Trackprofiler is an online editor (and organizer) of GPS tracks. It is designed for hikers, mountaineers, mountainbikers, cyclists and more generally for people who use GPS devices for outdors activities. null geolocation,gps,hiking,mapping,search, Trackprofiler is an online editor (and organizer) of GPS tracks. It is designed for hikers, mountaineers, mountainbikers, cyclists and more generally for people who use GPS devices for outdors activities.
Generative fiction with Google Maps and Flickr. null art,fiction,geonarrative, Generative fiction with Google Maps and Flickr.
Track the latest on the California wildfires in real time from your WAP-capable cell phone. Visit 411sync.com from your mobile device and use the keyword calfire. null california,crisis,mobile,news,WAP,wildfires, Track the latest on the California wildfires in real time from your WAP-capable cell phone. Visit 411sync.com from your mobile device and use the keyword calfire.
Updates the Skype mood field with stuff from Flickr, RSS feeds etc. null deadpool,phone,photo, Updates the Skype mood field with stuff from Flickr, RSS feeds etc.
Find the people making great handmade things null advertising,shopping, Find the people making great handmade things
Microblogging with a twist. Instead of typing text, just fill in a couple of blanks. FillUs.in integrates with Google Maps for location data, Last.fm for music playlists and YouTube for video viewing. null books,mapping,microblogging,music,social,video, Microblogging with a twist. Instead of typing text, just fill in a couple of blanks. FillUs.in integrates with Google Maps for location data, Last.fm for music playlists and YouTube for video viewing.
Astronomy and space focused mashup of Google video feeds (YouTube), del.icio.us links, Digg stories and global news. null astronomy,bookmarks,news,planets,space,video, Astronomy and space focused mashup of Google video feeds (YouTube), del.icio.us links, Digg stories and global news.
 Read the latest Cricket News, Headlines and Watch the Latest Youtube Videos from a single page. Follow the latest on Cricket.  null news,sports,  Read the latest Cricket News, Headlines and Watch the Latest Youtube Videos from a single page. Follow the latest on Cricket. 
Feedera is a personalized Twitter digest of the best content shared among your friends, delivered to your inbox every morning. null microblogging,music,photo,social,Twitter,video, Feedera is a personalized Twitter digest of the best content shared among your friends, delivered to your inbox every morning.
Mashup of various music resources on the web giving you information on any artist + track combination. And also checkout the lastfmvideoclipper link. null deadpool,lyrics,music,video, Mashup of various music resources on the web giving you information on any artist + track combination. And also checkout the lastfmvideoclipper link.
Sell more tickets by rewarding attendees for sharing on facebook and twitter. null deadpool,events,social, Sell more tickets by rewarding attendees for sharing on facebook and twitter.
Ohrwurm is German for Earworm: &quot;A tune that is stuck in one&#039;s head, especially as unwanted or repetitive&quot;. Detects those kind of songs and automatically lets the world know about them via twitter, facebook, etc.. Uses Last.fm as the basis for the listening analysis. null deadpool,microblogging,music,social, Ohrwurm is German for Earworm: &quot;A tune that is stuck in one&#039;s head, especially as unwanted or repetitive&quot;. Detects those kind of songs and automatically lets the world know about them via twitter, facebook, etc.. Uses Last.fm as the basis for the listening analysis.
An online app to create short URLs. It is Ajax and outputs links to Twitter. null deadpool,messaging,tools,utility, An online app to create short URLs. It is Ajax and outputs links to Twitter.
A fast way to browse Wikipedia categories.  null deadpool,reference,visualization,wikipedia, A fast way to browse Wikipedia categories. 
WishMindr is the free online universal wish list maker. Add gifts to your wish lists from any site with the WishMindr &#039;Wish&#039; button (bookmarklet). Or add gifts using the WishMindr search. WishMindr also allows you to setup email reminders about your wish list for your friends and family. null fun,gifts,shopping,social,tools, WishMindr is the free online universal wish list maker. Add gifts to your wish lists from any site with the WishMindr &#039;Wish&#039; button (bookmarklet). Or add gifts using the WishMindr search. WishMindr also allows you to setup email reminders about your wish list for your friends and family.
Interactive map showing solar installations in Los Angeles. null california,losangeles,mapping,solar, Interactive map showing solar installations in Los Angeles.
SVid, an AOL Truveo Video mashup contest winner, lets you search, See, Share Videos: watch videos in 3D elliptical orbits; view related videos in a fractal; tag videos; drag and drop videos into your own albums. null 3d,contest,deadpool,fractal,video,visualization, SVid, an AOL Truveo Video mashup contest winner, lets you search, See, Share Videos: watch videos in 3D elliptical orbits; view related videos in a fractal; tag videos; drag and drop videos into your own albums.
A video wiki that mashes up RSS video feeds, video blogs, and podcasts. Members can subscribe to favorite channels, create and share playlists and clips, and export personalized RSS feeds. null deadpool,video, A video wiki that mashes up RSS video feeds, video blogs, and podcasts. Members can subscribe to favorite channels, create and share playlists and clips, and export personalized RSS feeds.
mashfot is a one-page view about photography. You can find links, news and photos on this site. null bookmarks,news,photo, mashfot is a one-page view about photography. You can find links, news and photos on this site.
Optrata.com mashes up your profiles from all over the web. Displaying your latest updates from all of your different accounts on one easy page. null deadpool,photo,video, Optrata.com mashes up your profiles from all over the web. Displaying your latest updates from all of your different accounts on one easy page.
Convert almost any kind of document to PDF. null enterprise,office,pdf,tools,utility, Convert almost any kind of document to PDF.
PopWatchers makes it easy to search trusted shopping sites at once, such as eBay, Amazon, Etsy, Bonanza and Zappos.  It is easy to use and allows users to find products by popularity or price. The simple UX is a result of feedback from hundreds of users on FeedbackArmy.com and UsabilityHub.com. null search,shopping, PopWatchers makes it easy to search trusted shopping sites at once, such as eBay, Amazon, Etsy, Bonanza and Zappos.  It is easy to use and allows users to find products by popularity or price. The simple UX is a result of feedback from hundreds of users on FeedbackArmy.com and UsabilityHub.com.
Slick custom interface on Virtual Earth map to search for real estate in Australia with user-defined property criteria and location. null ajax,Australia,realestate, Slick custom interface on Virtual Earth map to search for real estate in Australia with user-defined property criteria and location.
Allows Box.net users to preview documents in their Box accounts using iPaper by Scribd. null documents,enterprise,storage, Allows Box.net users to preview documents in their Box accounts using iPaper by Scribd.
Adobe Air learning application. Watch music videos, play fill-in missing words games and improve listening comprehension in any language. null education,flash,language,listening,music,video, Adobe Air learning application. Watch music videos, play fill-in missing words games and improve listening comprehension in any language.
A portal to roadworks information published by local and national highway authorities (UK). Please note the map itself does not plot the works. In addition the site provides links to real time traffic information providers, Jamcamss and regional abnormal loads notification & procedures. null mapping,search,uk,visualization, A portal to roadworks information published by local and national highway authorities (UK). Please note the map itself does not plot the works. In addition the site provides links to real time traffic information providers, Jamcamss and regional abnormal loads notification & procedures.
A collection of content channels designed to make exploring Twitter fun. The idea was why not get a couple of humans to sort through the mess and pick out the best of the best. null athletes,celebrities,fun,social, A collection of content channels designed to make exploring Twitter fun. The idea was why not get a couple of humans to sort through the mess and pick out the best of the best.
Pothole Season is a service that displays the location of potholes on a map. If you are looking to go for a drive and want to avoid bumpy roads, this mashup is just for you.  null fun,mapping,potholes,travel,visualization, Pothole Season is a service that displays the location of potholes on a map. If you are looking to go for a drive and want to avoid bumpy roads, this mashup is just for you. 
Displays currently &#039;popular&#039; photos from Instagram. null photo,social,visualization, Displays currently &#039;popular&#039; photos from Instagram.
View random profiles by gender from HotOrNot.com with this Windows Live gadget. null dating,deadpool,widgets, View random profiles by gender from HotOrNot.com with this Windows Live gadget.
Find areas to hike and explore in NE Indiana. ACRES has been dedicated to acquiring and preserving natural areas since 1960. null green,Indiana,mapping,nature,sports, Find areas to hike and explore in NE Indiana. ACRES has been dedicated to acquiring and preserving natural areas since 1960.
Mashup of Box.net and Twilio to record voice comments on your files stored on Box.net. The voice comment will be transcribed and added as a comment on Box.net. This is only a working demo at this point. null messaging,mobile,storage,Voice, Mashup of Box.net and Twilio to record voice comments on your files stored on Box.net. The voice comment will be transcribed and added as a comment on Box.net. This is only a working demo at this point.
Search Twitter hashtags for Instagram photos, displayed in realtime and in a slideshow format. null microblogging,photo,search,social, Search Twitter hashtags for Instagram photos, displayed in realtime and in a slideshow format.
A Google Universal Gadget which displays FeedBurner Awareness API data with sparklines visualizations. null statistics,visualization,widgets, A Google Universal Gadget which displays FeedBurner Awareness API data with sparklines visualizations.
San Diego School Pal is the easiest way to see San Diego&#039;s school districts and their associated levels of crime. We combine a school district map with the 2011 San Diego crime database and Megan&#039;s Law statistics.  Browse across a map view of San Diego, combined with overlay regions for each of the school districts, covering elementary, high school, and unified. Enter your address to search and locate your own school district or browse the list to get statistics across the city.  Share your opinion and thoughts about any San Diego school district with the built-in commenting system, and help others find the best one for their needs. null crime,education,reference,schools,visualization, San Diego School Pal is the easiest way to see San Diego&#039;s school districts and their associated levels of crime. We combine a school district map with the 2011 San Diego crime database and Megan&#039;s Law statistics.  Browse across a map view of San Diego, combined with overlay regions for each of the school districts, covering elementary, high school, and unified. Enter your address to search and locate your own school district or browse the list to get statistics across the city.  Share your opinion and thoughts about any San Diego school district with the built-in commenting system, and help others find the best one for their needs.
SimpleList is an iPhone/iPad/Android app that allows Etsy sellers to easily renew their listings. null auction,messaging,mobile,shopping, SimpleList is an iPhone/iPad/Android app that allows Etsy sellers to easily renew their listings.
Inflo collects your day-to-day information streams like email, appointments, instant messages, and news, into one unified information flow and displays it in a single browseable list. null aggregator,auction,messaging,office,search, Inflo collects your day-to-day information streams like email, appointments, instant messages, and news, into one unified information flow and displays it in a single browseable list.
A nicely designed, comprehensive real estate mashup that incorporates Virtual Earth to find, sell, or buy properties. null mapping,realestate, A nicely designed, comprehensive real estate mashup that incorporates Virtual Earth to find, sell, or buy properties.
Compare Linguistic Points Of View (LPOV) among different language Wikipedias, both translated to your native language. For example; view a page in an English language Wikipedia and compare it with the same Chinese Wikipedia page, both pages will appear in your native language. null reference,search, Compare Linguistic Points Of View (LPOV) among different language Wikipedias, both translated to your native language. For example; view a page in an English language Wikipedia and compare it with the same Chinese Wikipedia page, both pages will appear in your native language.
Zoover is an application that rates travel destinations. The site provides an interface that allows users to post pictures, reviews, and ratings.  null ratings,recommendations,search,social,travel, Zoover is an application that rates travel destinations. The site provides an interface that allows users to post pictures, reviews, and ratings. 
The Georgia Traffic Growth Maps highlight the busiest roads and highways using Georgia DOT road and Highway traffic counts. The map highlights the pace of change and increased utilization of our deteriorating infrastructure.  null Georgia,MapLarge,mapping,traffic,transit,travel, The Georgia Traffic Growth Maps highlight the busiest roads and highways using Georgia DOT road and Highway traffic counts. The map highlights the pace of change and increased utilization of our deteriorating infrastructure. 
Pray In Time provides most accurate and reliable timetable of Athan time for millions of inhabited and uninhabited locations globally. null mapping,religion, Pray In Time provides most accurate and reliable timetable of Athan time for millions of inhabited and uninhabited locations globally.
AuctionSound was created for eBay Trading Assistants to manage all aspects of the consignment business from customer management, listing, auction templates, image hosting, shipping and financial reporting all from one interface. null auction,consignment,eBay,management,software, AuctionSound was created for eBay Trading Assistants to manage all aspects of the consignment business from customer management, listing, auction templates, image hosting, shipping and financial reporting all from one interface.
This mashup filters out movies with low critic scores to make it easier to focus on the good ones. null fun,movies,reviews,search, This mashup filters out movies with low critic scores to make it easier to focus on the good ones.
Geographically locates last years top artists of a given Last.fm user. Freebase is queried for each musical artist, retrieving its origin. Then all of these places are shown on a map, and some statistical dispersion measures are calculated. null deadpool,geolocation,mapping,music,reference,visualization, Geographically locates last years top artists of a given Last.fm user. Freebase is queried for each musical artist, retrieving its origin. Then all of these places are shown on a map, and some statistical dispersion measures are calculated.
Predict Alexa rankings in this stock market simulation game. null games, Predict Alexa rankings in this stock market simulation game.
The random day out generator. Pick where and the types of things you like to do. Watch it build your itinerary for the day. null Australia,canada,deadpool,mapping,travel,uk, The random day out generator. Pick where and the types of things you like to do. Watch it build your itinerary for the day.
Travel site that integrates all your travel items into one dashboard and map. Make each travel item and anchor and re-sort the data around the new address without starting your search over. null deadpool,local,mapping,travel, Travel site that integrates all your travel items into one dashboard and map. Make each travel item and anchor and re-sort the data around the new address without starting your search over.
This site presents a uncluttered minimalistic interface to Amazon&#039;s International sites to enable users to search for items from all of amazon&#039;s sites in one place. Features in the pipline include: * US of GeoAPI to determine user location and hence default amazon locale. * compare prices across amazon sites allowing users to order items at the best possible price. * Enable users to receive notifications when the price of an item in their list drops or rises by a predetermined percentage/amount. null books,comparison,shopping,video, This site presents a uncluttered minimalistic interface to Amazon&#039;s International sites to enable users to search for items from all of amazon&#039;s sites in one place. Features in the pipline include: * US of GeoAPI to determine user location and hence default amazon locale. * compare prices across amazon sites allowing users to order items at the best possible price. * Enable users to receive notifications when the price of an item in their list drops or rises by a predetermined percentage/amount.
Using Twilio, qmpeople.com is the first social network which permits registered users to make free chats by using their cell phones. It is sufficient to click on &quot;Phone chat&quot; and our system will try to call two cell phones to establish a private channel among them. null chat,phone, Using Twilio, qmpeople.com is the first social network which permits registered users to make free chats by using their cell phones. It is sufficient to click on &quot;Phone chat&quot; and our system will try to call two cell phones to establish a private channel among them.
Must See India is a free trip planning and travel sharing website. It provides photos and maps of tourist destinations in India by integrating with flickr and google maps. One can also share travel experiences by importing their existing travel blogs. null india,maps,photos,planning,travel, Must See India is a free trip planning and travel sharing website. It provides photos and maps of tourist destinations in India by integrating with flickr and google maps. One can also share travel experiences by importing their existing travel blogs.
Map of about 250 places to put up a wedding party tent in southeast UK. Combines mapping with real offline research to provide information that is available nowhere else. null events,london,mapping,uk,wedding, Map of about 250 places to put up a wedding party tent in southeast UK. Combines mapping with real offline research to provide information that is available nowhere else.
Online price comparison shopping service. Gathers data from multiple online shopping services include Amazon, eBay, Shopzilla, and Yahoo Shopping. null deadpool,shopping, Online price comparison shopping service. Gathers data from multiple online shopping services include Amazon, eBay, Shopzilla, and Yahoo Shopping.
Uses artificial intelligence to find out if a blog is  spam, splog, or not. Uses the uClassify API. null blog,deadpool,search,spam, Uses artificial intelligence to find out if a blog is  spam, splog, or not. Uses the uClassify API.
Wi-Fi Hotspot Locator finds the closest Wi-Fi hotspots in a given location. You are closer to the internet then you realize, we just help you get connected. SMS, WAP and email. null deadpool,messaging,mobile,search,wifi, Wi-Fi Hotspot Locator finds the closest Wi-Fi hotspots in a given location. You are closer to the internet then you realize, we just help you get connected. SMS, WAP and email.
The website is always up-to-date with real estate listings from Miami to Maine. The website uses Google Base listings and provides a property location context using Google Maps. null mapping,realestate, The website is always up-to-date with real estate listings from Miami to Maine. The website uses Google Base listings and provides a property location context using Google Maps.
Map of recent and archival news by country via New York Times RSS feeds and human rghts news by country via hrw.org feeds. Map also includes CIA Factbook data and Flickr images. null advocacy,mapping,news, Map of recent and archival news by country via New York Times RSS feeds and human rghts news by country via hrw.org feeds. Map also includes CIA Factbook data and Flickr images.
Hundreds of songs and exercises to learn English online. null language,lyrics,music, Hundreds of songs and exercises to learn English online.
If the real-time web is a massive cocktail party conversation, then The Summarizer is the party&#039;s authority. It semantically connects the real-time web and traditional media to one another with their common threads, entities and topics. null deadpool,microblogging,news,recommendations,search,trends, If the real-time web is a massive cocktail party conversation, then The Summarizer is the party&#039;s authority. It semantically connects the real-time web and traditional media to one another with their common threads, entities and topics.
Find healthy locally grown fruits, vegetables, meat, baked goods, and plants with this iPhone app. The information comes directly from state govt data sources. A built-in interactive map utilizes Google Maps to provide accurate turn-by-turn directions. null appsforcalifornians,food,mapping,shopping, Find healthy locally grown fruits, vegetables, meat, baked goods, and plants with this iPhone app. The information comes directly from state govt data sources. A built-in interactive map utilizes Google Maps to provide accurate turn-by-turn directions.
Advanced Reporting and analytics for Basecamp. bcToolkit provides management overview reporting for Basecamp projects and time tracking. null enterprise,office,pim,project-management, Advanced Reporting and analytics for Basecamp. bcToolkit provides management overview reporting for Basecamp projects and time tracking.
This site is for providing a directory like help to locate restaurants using a map. null food,hyderabad,india,mapping,restaurant, This site is for providing a directory like help to locate restaurants using a map.
ScanURL.net makes it easy to check website/URL/link safety and trustworthiness: reports of phishing, hosting malware and viruses, or poor/suspicious reputation. Currently ScanURL.net pulls live API data from Google Safe Browsing, PhishTank, and Web of Trust. The web-app also links to many other online URL scanning resources for greater breadth of reference. null antivirus,malware,phishing,safety,security,tools, ScanURL.net makes it easy to check website/URL/link safety and trustworthiness: reports of phishing, hosting malware and viruses, or poor/suspicious reputation. Currently ScanURL.net pulls live API data from Google Safe Browsing, PhishTank, and Web of Trust. The web-app also links to many other online URL scanning resources for greater breadth of reference.
An Adobe Flash and Adobe AIR application that uses color themes from kuler to draw patterns. It also draws at dimensions defined by the user which can be used for wallpapers etc. null as3,color,flash,kuler,visualization,wallpaper, An Adobe Flash and Adobe AIR application that uses color themes from kuler to draw patterns. It also draws at dimensions defined by the user which can be used for wallpapers etc.
CampusBird is the first interactive 3D and Maps-based school search site. Search for schools by name, location, scene, weather, school size, and more. CampusBird provides in depth profiles of more than 4800 schools and hundreds in 3D. Formerly called Egiate. null 3d,college,Earth,map,search,university, CampusBird is the first interactive 3D and Maps-based school search site. Search for schools by name, location, scene, weather, school size, and more. CampusBird provides in depth profiles of more than 4800 schools and hundreds in 3D. Formerly called Egiate.
RueFind is a travel application which tracks interesting tourist attractions around the world. Users can add, rank or create lists of their favorite attractions. null mapping,photo,travel, RueFind is a travel application which tracks interesting tourist attractions around the world. Users can add, rank or create lists of their favorite attractions.
A music video mini portal, driven off the MTV content API. Uses jaxer as server side scripting and Google Suggest for auto-complete. null deadpool,MTV,music,video, A music video mini portal, driven off the MTV content API. Uses jaxer as server side scripting and Google Suggest for auto-complete.
busAlert.me is a service for all King County (Wa) Metro buses that will alert the user when their bus is getting close to the stop. null messaging,mobile,reference,telephony,transit, busAlert.me is a service for all King County (Wa) Metro buses that will alert the user when their bus is getting close to the stop.
EggJax is a compact mashup constrained within the confines of a small egg. Several useful functions, derived from popular API&#039;s, are available quickly and concisely. null geocoding,maps,reference, EggJax is a compact mashup constrained within the confines of a small egg. Several useful functions, derived from popular API&#039;s, are available quickly and concisely.
Allows any document stored on Box.net to be electronically signed in seconds via electronic signature service, echosign.com. null cm,deadpool,enterprise,esignature,esigning,storage, Allows any document stored on Box.net to be electronically signed in seconds via electronic signature service, echosign.com.
Local Scrappy utilizes Google Maps and Google&#039;s Geolocation API to provide a mapped directory of UK scrap and breaker yards (salvage/junkyards). null mapping,reference,search,uk, Local Scrappy utilizes Google Maps and Google&#039;s Geolocation API to provide a mapped directory of UK scrap and breaker yards (salvage/junkyards).
Rendezview helps you find the perfect place to meet up with friends. Input both your locations, how far you?re each willing to travel and the category of place you?d like to meet (Chinese Restaurant, for example). Rendezview finds all locations that meet your criteria. null canada,mapping,reference,search,social, Rendezview helps you find the perfect place to meet up with friends. Input both your locations, how far you?re each willing to travel and the category of place you?d like to meet (Chinese Restaurant, for example). Rendezview finds all locations that meet your criteria.
Allows Box.net users to share content in their Box accounts to FriendFeed. null social,storage, Allows Box.net users to share content in their Box accounts to FriendFeed.
Browse products on Zappos.com and query results by recent sales and by state. High resolution product images that are available through the Zappos.com API are featured.   null reference,search,shopping,social, Browse products on Zappos.com and query results by recent sales and by state. High resolution product images that are available through the Zappos.com API are featured.  
digiPoem generates simple visual embellishment of poetry and other text sources using image tagging on Flickr. null education,lyrics,music,photo,poetry,visualization, digiPoem generates simple visual embellishment of poetry and other text sources using image tagging on Flickr.
Scupal is a social buying website that has been launched in India since November 2011. Scupala??s unique concept is to bring the true power of social network based buying to end consumers. Scupal is not a daily discount or daily deal sites that have sprung up across the world. null shopping,social, Scupal is a social buying website that has been launched in India since November 2011. Scupala??s unique concept is to bring the true power of social network based buying to end consumers. Scupal is not a daily discount or daily deal sites that have sprung up across the world.
This mashup demonstrates how Windows Live Contacts allows sharing of Messenger or Hotmail contact information with third party applications. Send invitations to selected contacts to a get-together at a location selected on a Virtual Earth map. null community,contacts,deadpool,mapping,messaging,social, This mashup demonstrates how Windows Live Contacts allows sharing of Messenger or Hotmail contact information with third party applications. Send invitations to selected contacts to a get-together at a location selected on a Virtual Earth map.
Movies worth watching. Current releases and upcoming releases of quality are shared. Features full-screen trailers. null movies,rating,search, Movies worth watching. Current releases and upcoming releases of quality are shared. Features full-screen trailers.
mygoogleplus.com uses Google+ API to transform user profile into a Facebook style timeline.  null social,visualization, mygoogleplus.com uses Google+ API to transform user profile into a Facebook style timeline. 
Map of Reformed Presbyterian churches in North America. null deadpool,mapping,religion, Map of Reformed Presbyterian churches in North America.
Provides tracking information of DHL packages, with visualized package locations on Google Maps. null mapping,package,postal,tracking, Provides tracking information of DHL packages, with visualized package locations on Google Maps.
Excellent visualization of current daylight and nighttime regions around the world. Use the Options bar on the right to tune the settings. null mapping,science, Excellent visualization of current daylight and nighttime regions around the world. Use the Options bar on the right to tune the settings.
Allows Box.net users to add a Box widget with their content into their SalesForce accounts. null enterprise,storage, Allows Box.net users to add a Box widget with their content into their SalesForce accounts.
The Buzz is a no-nonsense, user-review driven web site that does not require registration or need complex searches to find what you want, you just click, read, compare and purchase. null books,deadpool,shopping,videos, The Buzz is a no-nonsense, user-review driven web site that does not require registration or need complex searches to find what you want, you just click, read, compare and purchase.
Tell Outalot where you are and it will show you the nearest restaurants, shops, bars, and movie theaters. Bookmark, rate, and share your favorite places. Broadcast your location via Twitter. Available online and on iPhone or other mobile devices. null bars,iPhone,local,mobile,restaurant,search, Tell Outalot where you are and it will show you the nearest restaurants, shops, bars, and movie theaters. Bookmark, rate, and share your favorite places. Broadcast your location via Twitter. Available online and on iPhone or other mobile devices.
Dictionary for iPhone or iPad.   null iPhone,mobile,reference,telephony, Dictionary for iPhone or iPad.  
You can download videos on Veoh.com as mpeg4 format optimized for iPod etc devices. null deadpool,download,mp4,video, You can download videos on Veoh.com as mpeg4 format optimized for iPod etc devices.
Media Street Apps, a start up and publisher of local websites including its flagship site for the King&#039;s Road in London, has used the API from Weather Undergound (Wunderground) to show the latest weather observations and forecasts. Using the local postcode and street information, Media Street Apps can now show the weather on its local sites. It also updates the Media Street Apps&#039; Activity feed so the latest weather observation is collected at six hour intervals. The weather observation and forecast is then distributed out to readers across the web and social media. null forecast,local,weather, Media Street Apps, a start up and publisher of local websites including its flagship site for the King&#039;s Road in London, has used the API from Weather Undergound (Wunderground) to show the latest weather observations and forecasts. Using the local postcode and street information, Media Street Apps can now show the weather on its local sites. It also updates the Media Street Apps&#039; Activity feed so the latest weather observation is collected at six hour intervals. The weather observation and forecast is then distributed out to readers across the web and social media.
You can search various microblogging sites like Twitter, Digg, Youtube, Yahoo answers etc. On the homepage, we list the most popular keywords and trends that are being searched by the people across the world.  null blog,deadpool,microblogging,search, You can search various microblogging sites like Twitter, Digg, Youtube, Yahoo answers etc. On the homepage, we list the most popular keywords and trends that are being searched by the people across the world. 
Interface with Digg API and RSS feeds to get lists of daily top posts. Mashes with Arkayne API to find related content. Creates lists of articles around each Digg topic. null aggregator,bookmarks,deadpool,news, Interface with Digg API and RSS feeds to get lists of daily top posts. Mashes with Arkayne API to find related content. Creates lists of articles around each Digg topic.
OpenStreetMap mashup that shows places where Bitcoin is accepted. Venues are added automatically (database is updated every 15 minutes). The map also tries to determine the type of the venue from OSM tags and assign the correct icon. null bitcoin,financial,mapping, OpenStreetMap mashup that shows places where Bitcoin is accepted. Venues are added automatically (database is updated every 15 minutes). The map also tries to determine the type of the venue from OSM tags and assign the correct icon.
MyNeighborhood.Com is a spacially aware social networking tool that focuses on delivering georelevant content to neighborhoods in the United States. null community,mapping,neighborhoods,social, MyNeighborhood.Com is a spacially aware social networking tool that focuses on delivering georelevant content to neighborhoods in the United States.
Ranks phrases according to their popularity among authoritative sites. Uses Yahoo BOSS to do this and presents a tag cloud of results. The tag cloud is interactive, so you can click to drill further. Source code available. null ratings,ruby,search,source,visualization, Ranks phrases according to their popularity among authoritative sites. Uses Yahoo BOSS to do this and presents a tag cloud of results. The tag cloud is interactive, so you can click to drill further. Source code available.
Exit 39 takes datefeeds from merchants with affiliate programs and allows webmasters to create targeted product ads where the webmaster receives 100 percent of the commissions from sales generated from the ads. null ads,deadpool,shopping, Exit 39 takes datefeeds from merchants with affiliate programs and allows webmasters to create targeted product ads where the webmaster receives 100 percent of the commissions from sales generated from the ads.
Thanks to PayPal, users can donate money to help friends in times of need. null donations,giving,social, Thanks to PayPal, users can donate money to help friends in times of need.
View incoming flights into 7 major US cities. Altitude, speed, heading and flight path are all interactively displayed on the map. Be air traffic control. null flying,mapping,travel, View incoming flights into 7 major US cities. Altitude, speed, heading and flight path are all interactively displayed on the map. Be air traffic control.
WowCity.com is a mashup thats also lots of things wrapped into one easy to use website. The site provides search functionalities to find business listings and classifieds within a city and also an accounts system for members and business advertisers. null business,cities,mapping,reference,shopping,videos, WowCity.com is a mashup thats also lots of things wrapped into one easy to use website. The site provides search functionalities to find business listings and classifieds within a city and also an accounts system for members and business advertisers.
W. Quotes from our fearless leader. A new MSN Messenger  robot. null deadpool,messaging, W. Quotes from our fearless leader. A new MSN Messenger  robot.
Indeed job search integrated with Facebook and LinkedIn - find jobs close to friends, and see who you know (or contacts know) at those offering the job.  null employment,foaf,job,recruiting,social, Indeed job search integrated with Facebook and LinkedIn - find jobs close to friends, and see who you know (or contacts know) at those offering the job. 
A Firefox Greasemonkey script to embed a &quot;geo this&quot; button within the WordPress admin screen. Click the button and it makes a YQL call to Placemaker, sending along the contents of your post. It embeds the results in the Geo microformat. null blogging,blogs,greasemonkey,mapping, A Firefox Greasemonkey script to embed a &quot;geo this&quot; button within the WordPress admin screen. Click the button and it makes a YQL call to Placemaker, sending along the contents of your post. It embeds the results in the Geo microformat.
Create a personalised dashboard of line charts to keep an eye on the UK economy. The page uses a PHP script to scrape time-series data CSVs from the Office for National Statistics website each day and add them to a MySQL database. Two more PHP scripts provide data to the page in JSON format. null economy,statistics,visualization, Create a personalised dashboard of line charts to keep an eye on the UK economy. The page uses a PHP script to scrape time-series data CSVs from the Office for National Statistics website each day and add them to a MySQL database. Two more PHP scripts provide data to the page in JSON format.
Takes a BBC Programme search and converts the results in to iCal format for use in Google Calendar. null calendar,video, Takes a BBC Programme search and converts the results in to iCal format for use in Google Calendar.
News Fino is a popularity based news ranking system. Each hour News Fino identifies the most popular breaking news, business news, entertainment news, sports news, technology news and political news. null deadpool,mapping,news, News Fino is a popularity based news ranking system. Each hour News Fino identifies the most popular breaking news, business news, entertainment news, sports news, technology news and political news.
Scrape This is like a search engine, but instead of returning the most relevant websites based on a query, it scrapes the information off of the websites and consolidates it into a multi-document summary on the topic. Dictionary definitions, images, and videos are also displayed. null search,summarization,tools, Scrape This is like a search engine, but instead of returning the most relevant websites based on a query, it scrapes the information off of the websites and consolidates it into a multi-document summary on the topic. Dictionary definitions, images, and videos are also displayed.
Produces graphs of how often things are mentioned on guardian.co.uk. null charts,news,trends, Produces graphs of how often things are mentioned on guardian.co.uk.
Flickrbook lets you showcase your Flickr photos and sets on your Facebook profile. Plus, with Flickrbook, you can tag your Facebook friends on your Flickr photos and see photos of yourself tagged by your friends. null deadpool,photo,social, Flickrbook lets you showcase your Flickr photos and sets on your Facebook profile. Plus, with Flickrbook, you can tag your Facebook friends on your Flickr photos and see photos of yourself tagged by your friends.
Google map showing current tides for over 3000 places in the US, Pacific, Caribbean, New Zealand.  Individual place details include sun and moon times, moon phase, best fishing and solunar times, and a photo of the place. null mapping,photo,reference,sports,tide, Google map showing current tides for over 3000 places in the US, Pacific, Caribbean, New Zealand.  Individual place details include sun and moon times, moon phase, best fishing and solunar times, and a photo of the place.
With printfriendly.net service, you can create printer friendly versions of any blog and select articles to print. null blog,printing,rss, With printfriendly.net service, you can create printer friendly versions of any blog and select articles to print.
CheckinPlugin beta is a service that allows your website visitors to check in your place on Facebook right when they browse. Your visitors can create future check-ins  null deadpool,mapping,reference,social, CheckinPlugin beta is a service that allows your website visitors to check in your place on Facebook right when they browse. Your visitors can create future check-ins 
Mashup of sporting events with weather conditions and forecasts on a Google Map.  null forecast,mapping,sports,weather, Mashup of sporting events with weather conditions and forecasts on a Google Map. 
Room 77 is a powerful hotel search engine. It searches more hotel sites than anyone else, so you always get the best deals. null hotels,search,travel, Room 77 is a powerful hotel search engine. It searches more hotel sites than anyone else, so you always get the best deals.
Soccer video mashup covering both video games, like Fifa 08, and real soccer including world cups, popular players, etc. null fifa,soccer,sports,video, Soccer video mashup covering both video games, like Fifa 08, and real soccer including world cups, popular players, etc.
A way to stay connected with MSN and Facebook, play games, watch music videos, and be oOrganized. null ad,chat,facebook,MSN,network,social, A way to stay connected with MSN and Facebook, play games, watch music videos, and be oOrganized.
This application find local twitter trends for your city. Just click on the map, and the trends will appear. Also uses the Yahoo Term Extraction API.  null deadpool, This application find local twitter trends for your city. Just click on the map, and the trends will appear. Also uses the Yahoo Term Extraction API. 
Agua Biz is a mashup of the Agua Ajax application and Google Checkout. It allows users to manage their Google AdWords accounts in an asynchronous way and at the same time offers integration of Google Checkout functionality. null ads,deadpool,shopping, Agua Biz is a mashup of the Agua Ajax application and Google Checkout. It allows users to manage their Google AdWords accounts in an asynchronous way and at the same time offers integration of Google Checkout functionality.
The Vault archives Etsy&#039;s front page features for sellers and shoppers to browse and reference. Features include live copies of each list, a configurable blog widget and screen shots of each collection. null art,shopping, The Vault archives Etsy&#039;s front page features for sellers and shoppers to browse and reference. Features include live copies of each list, a configurable blog widget and screen shots of each collection.
Allows people to communicate with other Skype users without the need to know their language, translates in real-time, and speaks your chats as well. null chat,deadpool,messaging,Translation, Allows people to communicate with other Skype users without the need to know their language, translates in real-time, and speaks your chats as well.
ReaderMeter displays author statistics based on readership data obtained from Mendeley. It also shows readership breakdown for individual publications and offers a JSON interface to its contents. null bookmarks,reputation,research,science,statistics, ReaderMeter displays author statistics based on readership data obtained from Mendeley. It also shows readership breakdown for individual publications and offers a JSON interface to its contents.
Private intranet and outward facing website for the community living at the former Hartley Jam Factory, London. This website gives local residents a web presence of their own and aggregates all resident blogs into a jam-factory-specific portal. null mapping,news,photo,uk, Private intranet and outward facing website for the community living at the former Hartley Jam Factory, London. This website gives local residents a web presence of their own and aggregates all resident blogs into a jam-factory-specific portal.
Panoramic virtual tours presenting historical objects, landscapes, urban areas, hotels, restaurants, entertainment and sport centers etc. In Czech and English. null 3d,czech,mapping,travel, Panoramic virtual tours presenting historical objects, landscapes, urban areas, hotels, restaurants, entertainment and sport centers etc. In Czech and English.
Get a weather forecast for your next trip with WeatherCurve. Enter two cities and it mashes up Google Maps routing information with WeatherBug forecasts to show you the forecast along your route. null contests,deadpool,mapping,travel,weather, Get a weather forecast for your next trip with WeatherCurve. Enter two cities and it mashes up Google Maps routing information with WeatherBug forecasts to show you the forecast along your route.
A Twitter service that will automatically add anyone who follows you to a list. The list is automatically updated daily, so that it always reflects the people that are listening to you right now. Engage with the people following your tweets without crowding up your timeline. null followers,social, A Twitter service that will automatically add anyone who follows you to a list. The list is automatically updated daily, so that it always reflects the people that are listening to you right now. Engage with the people following your tweets without crowding up your timeline.
The terrific StumbleUpon service adds the ability for users to select, rate and discover videos from YouTube, Google Video and MySpace. null video, The terrific StumbleUpon service adds the ability for users to select, rate and discover videos from YouTube, Google Video and MySpace.
Mashup of Twitter posts about popular books, movies and music with Amazon reviews and topic info.  null books,deadpool,microblogging,movies,shopping, Mashup of Twitter posts about popular books, movies and music with Amazon reviews and topic info. 
A Firefox add-on that follows your Twitter feed and posts links to your del.icio.us account. null bookmarks,messaging,microblogging,semantic, A Firefox add-on that follows your Twitter feed and posts links to your del.icio.us account.
Keep up with and discuss with friends in Messenger the lastest UFO sightings with this combination of MSN Virtual Earth Maps and data from the National UFO Reporting Center. null chat,deadpool,mapping,ufos, Keep up with and discuss with friends in Messenger the lastest UFO sightings with this combination of MSN Virtual Earth Maps and data from the National UFO Reporting Center.
Allows Box.net users to send documents from their Box.net account to FedEx, where they can be printed and shipped. null printing,shipping, Allows Box.net users to send documents from their Box.net account to FedEx, where they can be printed and shipped.
Japanese mashup to unify search results and display it when Yahoo and Flickr and YouTube and amazon. null japan,rakuten,search,shopping,video, Japanese mashup to unify search results and display it when Yahoo and Flickr and YouTube and amazon.
Google Maps mashup for SMS that lets you display SMS directly on the Google Maps. Could be used as micro blogging, local news publishing, etc. null mapping,messaging,sms, Google Maps mashup for SMS that lets you display SMS directly on the Google Maps. Could be used as micro blogging, local news publishing, etc.
This is a simple plugin for Wordpress to create a widget of Bing Maps and insert maps into your posts. null deadpool,mapping,widgets,wordpress, This is a simple plugin for Wordpress to create a widget of Bing Maps and insert maps into your posts.
Listing of the most popular FeedBurner feeds in France.  Data as of December 2006. null blogs,deadpool,france,rss, Listing of the most popular FeedBurner feeds in France.  Data as of December 2006.
A central hub for discovering, keeping track of and discussing the restaurants seen on shows like Diners, DriveIns and Dives, Man v. Food and more. null food,mapping,search,travel, A central hub for discovering, keeping track of and discussing the restaurants seen on shows like Diners, DriveIns and Dives, Man v. Food and more.
This is the 3rd in the &quot;moveable&quot; series, that started with Moveable Weather, and then moved on to Moveable Tides. This time, this Tropo/Google Latitude/Wikipedia mashup reads to from Wikipedia pages about places registered on the National Registry of Historic Places. (U.S only). You can surf virtually, or actually visit the locations with your GPS-enabled phone. null history,location,mobile,Voice, This is the 3rd in the &quot;moveable&quot; series, that started with Moveable Weather, and then moved on to Moveable Tides. This time, this Tropo/Google Latitude/Wikipedia mashup reads to from Wikipedia pages about places registered on the National Registry of Historic Places. (U.S only). You can surf virtually, or actually visit the locations with your GPS-enabled phone.
A site which detects your location, queries Yahoo! Weather for that location and plays the appropriate music. null fun,mapping,music,reference, A site which detects your location, queries Yahoo! Weather for that location and plays the appropriate music.
Social Butterfly allows you to anonymously chat with random strangers through Google Talk.  If you use Gmail, you already have Google Talk. null chat,fun,social, Social Butterfly allows you to anonymously chat with random strangers through Google Talk.  If you use Gmail, you already have Google Talk.
City ? forums. Tips from Foursquare mashed up with cloud forums (from Disqus). Open any info window for the tip and hit icon near the venue name. You will get a discussion forum associated with this venue. Share the link and discuss this place. null  City ? forums. Tips from Foursquare mashed up with cloud forums (from Disqus). Open any info window for the tip and hit icon near the venue name. You will get a discussion forum associated with this venue. Share the link and discuss this place.
Search NYC real estate listings with locations plotted on Google Maps. null deadpool,mapping,nyc,realestate, Search NYC real estate listings with locations plotted on Google Maps.
Now for UK users. Uses Ebay API (more on the way) to offer instant searching of the Ebay Marketplace. null search,shopping,visual, Now for UK users. Uses Ebay API (more on the way) to offer instant searching of the Ebay Marketplace.
Watch live air traffic and see all currently flying planes in realtime.  null airplane,flight,mapping,traffic, Watch live air traffic and see all currently flying planes in realtime. 
The online network for Sustainable Action. Combines multiple social APIs including Facebook and identity services like RPX. null aggregator,deadpool,green,news,sustainable, The online network for Sustainable Action. Combines multiple social APIs including Facebook and identity services like RPX.
This Facebook app allows you to connect to Zillow from Facebook. View information about your house and see what your friends houses are worth. null mapping,money,realestate,social,widgets, This Facebook app allows you to connect to Zillow from Facebook. View information about your house and see what your friends houses are worth.
OggChat is a live chat solution for website support and sales that integrates with Google Talk and GMail. It incorporates features such as custom chat windows and skills based routing, but routes all chats directly to each operator&#039;s Google Talk acc null call-center,chat,CRM, OggChat is a live chat solution for website support and sales that integrates with Google Talk and GMail. It incorporates features such as custom chat windows and skills based routing, but routes all chats directly to each operator&#039;s Google Talk acc
Film festival website that uses Bigtribe-Geohana in conjunction with a Google Map to provide venue location information and to allow attendees to locate nearby restaurants and invite their friends to events and so on. null deadpool,events,mapping,movies, Film festival website that uses Bigtribe-Geohana in conjunction with a Google Map to provide venue location information and to allow attendees to locate nearby restaurants and invite their friends to events and so on.
Mashing up the unconference. Jeff Marshall created this very slick Google Maps mashup for unconferences, gatherings, parties, etc that shows the locations of attendees and draws relationship connections between people. null deadpool,events,mapping, Mashing up the unconference. Jeff Marshall created this very slick Google Maps mashup for unconferences, gatherings, parties, etc that shows the locations of attendees and draws relationship connections between people.
Allows you to use any of your other phones with Skype Calling Services. null telephony,VoIP, Allows you to use any of your other phones with Skype Calling Services.
CallMe is a Twilio Client Plugin for Wordpress  that changes the way bloggers engage with their readers. null blog,plugin,wordpress, CallMe is a Twilio Client Plugin for Wordpress  that changes the way bloggers engage with their readers.
A demonstration of the new Digg writeable API. It demonstrates how to digg and bury a story without leaving the site, and the OAuth authorization. null deadpool,OAuth, A demonstration of the new Digg writeable API. It demonstrates how to digg and bury a story without leaving the site, and the OAuth authorization.
Yappoint is a marketplace for local businesses to let their clients make their appointments online 24/7. Every kind of business relying on appointments can subscribe for FREE on yappoint.com, like hairdressers, estheticians, tennis-courts, real-estates and many more.. Check it out! null business,tools, Yappoint is a marketplace for local businesses to let their clients make their appointments online 24/7. Every kind of business relying on appointments can subscribe for FREE on yappoint.com, like hairdressers, estheticians, tennis-courts, real-estates and many more.. Check it out!
Two command-line shells, one for Java, jSh3ll, and one for C#, for managing your Amazon S3 objects. null deadpool,storage, Two command-line shells, one for Java, jSh3ll, and one for C#, for managing your Amazon S3 objects.
A Twitter Trends dashboard that, at a glance, shows you whata??s happening across geographya??s using trending topics on Twitter. null search,social,visualization, A Twitter Trends dashboard that, at a glance, shows you whata??s happening across geographya??s using trending topics on Twitter.
Speaks the details about your local weather. Uses Google&#039;s secret Weather API that is part of the Google Homepage null telephony,Voice,weather, Speaks the details about your local weather. Uses Google&#039;s secret Weather API that is part of the Google Homepage
Google Apps and Box.net are integrated, so Google Apps users can access their Box files from within Gmail, create file-based events in Google Calendar, and create Google Sites with content from Box. null calendar,email,storage, Google Apps and Box.net are integrated, so Google Apps users can access their Box files from within Gmail, create file-based events in Google Calendar, and create Google Sites with content from Box.
Mashup of US Electoral Map and Google Maps will allow you to interact with Google maps to calculate 2008 US Electoral votes. Mashup lets you load the map with previous election results and current polls. null gov,mapping,politics,usa, Mashup of US Electoral Map and Google Maps will allow you to interact with Google maps to calculate 2008 US Electoral votes. Mashup lets you load the map with previous election results and current polls.
Tracks current news and opinions about the U.S. Supreme Court. null blog,deadpool,news,search, Tracks current news and opinions about the U.S. Supreme Court.
The Madoff Victim Map displays the locations and density of Madoff clients. The map is interactive and the Madoff Client List is  searchable. The purpose of the map is to reveal the extent of the Madoff Ponzi Scheme in different areas of the country. null crime,MapLarge,mapping, The Madoff Victim Map displays the locations and density of Madoff clients. The map is interactive and the Madoff Client List is  searchable. The purpose of the map is to reveal the extent of the Madoff Ponzi Scheme in different areas of the country.
Shows the incoming meetup events on a map in the user&#039;s neighborhood. null events,mapping,social, Shows the incoming meetup events on a map in the user&#039;s neighborhood.
Free UK Postcode maps using the latest Royal Mail and Ordnance Survey Postcode information with Google Maps.  null address,mail,postal,postcode,reference,uk, Free UK Postcode maps using the latest Royal Mail and Ordnance Survey Postcode information with Google Maps. 
An iTunes-clone for the browser. Built on the SoundCloud API, jQuery and Google App Engine. null appengine,itunes,jquery,music, An iTunes-clone for the browser. Built on the SoundCloud API, jQuery and Google App Engine.
SAP StreamWork is an application that brings together people with information for fact-based decision-making. It now features an integration with Box.net that allows users to view their Box files from within the Streamwork environment. null enterprise,storage, SAP StreamWork is an application that brings together people with information for fact-based decision-making. It now features an integration with Box.net that allows users to view their Box files from within the Streamwork environment.
Is it possible to subscribe to a newsletter in as little as one click? I say yes. Mailchimp users can now embed this widget onto their site to federate list signups using Oauth as well as the traditional signup form. null newsletter,subscription,tools,widgets, Is it possible to subscribe to a newsletter in as little as one click? I say yes. Mailchimp users can now embed this widget onto their site to federate list signups using Oauth as well as the traditional signup form.
Obtain real time emergency information, alerts, city evacuation notices, road status from your WAP capable phone. Point your phone browser to 411sync.com and use the keyword sdalert. null california,deadpool,mobile,WAP,wildfires, Obtain real time emergency information, alerts, city evacuation notices, road status from your WAP capable phone. Point your phone browser to 411sync.com and use the keyword sdalert.
Local city guides for over 18,000 US cities. null mapping,search, Local city guides for over 18,000 US cities.
BlockWild let&#039;s you post information directly to a local map where it can be discovered in your community by location and categories of content, such as: classifieds, events, rentals, social groups, services, etc.  Search locally or wherever you are planning to travel. null classifieds,directory,events,local,map,search, BlockWild let&#039;s you post information directly to a local map where it can be discovered in your community by location and categories of content, such as: classifieds, events, rentals, social groups, services, etc.  Search locally or wherever you are planning to travel.
This mashup provides marine weather from dozens of US and international sites all driven from a single Google Maps interface.  This includes NOAA/NWS forecasts & charts, radar, satellite images, tides, Wunderground, WindFinder, GRIB file generator & weather charts from WeatherOnline, GMDSS, Australia, Fiji, Germany, Singapore, Tahiti & the UK Met office. null forecast,mapping,marine,ocean,weather, This mashup provides marine weather from dozens of US and international sites all driven from a single Google Maps interface.  This includes NOAA/NWS forecasts & charts, radar, satellite images, tides, Wunderground, WindFinder, GRIB file generator & weather charts from WeatherOnline, GMDSS, Australia, Fiji, Germany, Singapore, Tahiti & the UK Met office.
Documents To Go is a mobile office application that is integrated with Box.net, so users can load and save files in their Box.net account from within Docs To Go. null storage, Documents To Go is a mobile office application that is integrated with Box.net, so users can load and save files in their Box.net account from within Docs To Go.
See Every Federal Lobbyist in the US since 1999, all their clients, what they charged, and who they lobbied for each client.  null flash,Flex,gov,government, See Every Federal Lobbyist in the US since 1999, all their clients, what they charged, and who they lobbied for each client. 
A communications platform that allows millions of people to be instantly notified. null alerts,emergency,notifications,telephony,Voice, A communications platform that allows millions of people to be instantly notified.
This site combines the iTunes top chart RSS feed (currently only the iTunes stores from the United States, United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany and Spain) with search results from YouTube. You automatically get the video clip of each song in the iTunes Top 100.  null music,search,video, This site combines the iTunes top chart RSS feed (currently only the iTunes stores from the United States, United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany and Spain) with search results from YouTube. You automatically get the video clip of each song in the iTunes Top 100. 
Compare your site&#039;s SEO factors to the competition to see where you need to improve. null search,SEO, Compare your site&#039;s SEO factors to the competition to see where you need to improve.
Text2Play is an example in how to use Comet to build a real time web application. With Text2Play you can controll the Youtube player by Searching, Playing, or Pausing a video via SMS.  null deadpool,mobile,telephony,video, Text2Play is an example in how to use Comet to build a real time web application. With Text2Play you can controll the Youtube player by Searching, Playing, or Pausing a video via SMS. 
Cat Breeds uses the PetFinder API to display information all different cat varieties.  null animals,cats,pets,search, Cat Breeds uses the PetFinder API to display information all different cat varieties. 
World radio explorer. Adobe AIR app uses a vast list of stations combined with a map interface so you can discover, listen to, and switch between thousands of stations effortlessly. Search by country or genre, or just by clicking on a location on the map. null air,flash,Flex,mapping,music,radio, World radio explorer. Adobe AIR app uses a vast list of stations combined with a map interface so you can discover, listen to, and switch between thousands of stations effortlessly. Search by country or genre, or just by clicking on a location on the map.
MappyHealth.com was developed in response to the NowTrending2012 application challenge. The team came together with a common mission to build an application that would positively impact public health surveillance. The MappyHealth team shares a common goal of furthering innovation and research that will enhance population health awareness of disease and illness trends.  MappyHealth.com was born from social collaboration when co-founders Mark Silverberg and Brian Norris connected over a single tweet. The team grew by one when co-founder Charles Boicey joined brining a diverse background in research, informatics and product development. The team brings a wealth of experience, within many of healthcarea??s diverse and challenging environments. Development of MappyHealth.com began in April 2012. To learn more about the team, head over to http://mappyhealth.com/about null health,informatics,maps,surveillance,trends, MappyHealth.com was developed in response to the NowTrending2012 application challenge. The team came together with a common mission to build an application that would positively impact public health surveillance. The MappyHealth team shares a common goal of furthering innovation and research that will enhance population health awareness of disease and illness trends.  MappyHealth.com was born from social collaboration when co-founders Mark Silverberg and Brian Norris connected over a single tweet. The team grew by one when co-founder Charles Boicey joined brining a diverse background in research, informatics and product development. The team brings a wealth of experience, within many of healthcarea??s diverse and challenging environments. Development of MappyHealth.com began in April 2012. To learn more about the team, head over to http://mappyhealth.com/about
Get all the obscenities out of your system with this game. The more profane words you can type in 60 seconds, the more points you will earn. null fun,games,words, Get all the obscenities out of your system with this game. The more profane words you can type in 60 seconds, the more points you will earn.
Google search and Yahoo search union to search for the keywords. Built using Yahoo Pipes. null pipes,search, Google search and Yahoo search union to search for the keywords. Built using Yahoo Pipes.
Doodlepon is a mashup between the Doodle API and Yipit API. null daily,deals,doodle,groupon,living,yipit, Doodlepon is a mashup between the Doodle API and Yipit API.
Yamusica brings you the latest information on live music events, concerts and venues around the world. Find out when your favorite artist is coming to a town near you! null concerts,events,mapping,music,tickets, Yamusica brings you the latest information on live music events, concerts and venues around the world. Find out when your favorite artist is coming to a town near you!
Create playlists and stream them directly from Seeqpod.  null deadpool,music,streaming, Create playlists and stream them directly from Seeqpod. 
See where your friends are located in the UK. Click on the markers to see their details in the information window. null facebook,mapping,networking,social,uk, See where your friends are located in the UK. Click on the markers to see their details in the information window.
A free voice game that makes silly stories based on words you say. null deadpool,fun,games,mobile,telephony,Voice, A free voice game that makes silly stories based on words you say.
Real estate &quot;flyer&quot; microsites using Google Maps, Great Schools and Walk Score.  null deadpool,mapping,realestate,reference, Real estate &quot;flyer&quot; microsites using Google Maps, Great Schools and Walk Score. 
Vibin.fm is the Electronica-Pandora. Choose a mix to stream hand-crafted radio and save & share your favorites along the way. You no longer need to spend hours curating the perfect party playlist. Our mission is to provide the easiest way to enjoy music at your party, so you can sit back & enjoy the party.  Vibin.fm Features: - Free unlimited radio with unlimited skips - Save & share your playlists - Discover new artists with our &#039;Discover&#039; mode  - Filter between DJ mixes, Party Genres, Popular Cities, and Top Artists - One-click & enjoy 24/7 radio null music,radio,soundcloud,streaming, Vibin.fm is the Electronica-Pandora. Choose a mix to stream hand-crafted radio and save & share your favorites along the way. You no longer need to spend hours curating the perfect party playlist. Our mission is to provide the easiest way to enjoy music at your party, so you can sit back & enjoy the party.  Vibin.fm Features: - Free unlimited radio with unlimited skips - Save & share your playlists - Discover new artists with our &#039;Discover&#039; mode  - Filter between DJ mixes, Party Genres, Popular Cities, and Top Artists - One-click & enjoy 24/7 radio
Tagbulb simplifies tag search by aggregating content from various sources like Flickr, YouTube and many more. Users can browse by content type like images, videos, blogs, bookmarks, podcasts, products, books etc. null bookmarks,photo,search,tag,tagbulb,video, Tagbulb simplifies tag search by aggregating content from various sources like Flickr, YouTube and many more. Users can browse by content type like images, videos, blogs, bookmarks, podcasts, products, books etc.
Is bookmarklet that will work on any browser and allow you to create alerts while you are searching Craigslist.  No account creation needed, simply subscribe and unsubscribe via email.   null alerts,craigslist,rss,tools, Is bookmarklet that will work on any browser and allow you to create alerts while you are searching Craigslist.  No account creation needed, simply subscribe and unsubscribe via email.  
Application to batch search for people on Twitter.  Enter a list of names and-or email addresses and search them all in one step. null deadpool,messaging,people,search, Application to batch search for people on Twitter.  Enter a list of names and-or email addresses and search them all in one step.
Free2IM is an AOL AIM plugin that help you chat with the buddies who speak languages you are very weak or even you do not know at all. It is useful for you to practice your foreign languages as well. Supports 13 languages. null chat,messaging,plugin,Translation, Free2IM is an AOL AIM plugin that help you chat with the buddies who speak languages you are very weak or even you do not know at all. It is useful for you to practice your foreign languages as well. Supports 13 languages.
Uses Yahoo Map Images and EnGraph GPS components to show current position of Tim Hibbard, developer for EnGraph. null deadpool,gps,mapping, Uses Yahoo Map Images and EnGraph GPS components to show current position of Tim Hibbard, developer for EnGraph.
YouLyrics is Youtube + ChartLyrics. Simple way to see your favorite videos together with the lyrics. Also, you will always be surprised: each time someone is watching a video it will appear on the search boxes when someone will load the application. null lyrics,music,video, YouLyrics is Youtube + ChartLyrics. Simple way to see your favorite videos together with the lyrics. Also, you will always be surprised: each time someone is watching a video it will appear on the search boxes when someone will load the application.
Full MLS real estate listings using Google Maps. As of October 2006 also offers data provided by the Zillow API. null mapping,realestate, Full MLS real estate listings using Google Maps. As of October 2006 also offers data provided by the Zillow API.
Noterize is a note-taking app for the iPad that allows you to view and annotate PDFs and PowerPoint presentations. Its integration with Box.net enables you to save annotated documents to Box from within the Noterize environment. null ipad,pdf, Noterize is a note-taking app for the iPad that allows you to view and annotate PDFs and PowerPoint presentations. Its integration with Box.net enables you to save annotated documents to Box from within the Noterize environment.
The tool is designed to let customers virtually experience the location of their selected accommodation before purchase. By combining with Google Street view, customers can check out details such as the location of their nearest restaurant and bars. null hotel,mapping,travel,vacation, The tool is designed to let customers virtually experience the location of their selected accommodation before purchase. By combining with Google Street view, customers can check out details such as the location of their nearest restaurant and bars.
Location guide to football clubs in the top 16 divisions of English Football. Covers the Premier League, Football League & the top twelve divisions in non-league football. null mapping,search,uk,visualization, Location guide to football clubs in the top 16 divisions of English Football. Covers the Premier League, Football League & the top twelve divisions in non-league football.
Use this Windows Live gadget to browse photos in photo albums on Windows Live Spaces. Just specify the name of the space. You can also browse photo albums from randomly selected spaces. null blog,deadpool,photos,widgets, Use this Windows Live gadget to browse photos in photo albums on Windows Live Spaces. Just specify the name of the space. You can also browse photo albums from randomly selected spaces.
Create an Oysterpass. Your Oysterpass will show your social activities at the internet. Search on different applications. Follow your friends live at your Oysterline null mapping,messaging,news,photo,social,timeline, Create an Oysterpass. Your Oysterpass will show your social activities at the internet. Search on different applications. Follow your friends live at your Oysterline
A Geiger counter for crime - a mobile app that combines hyperlocal census/crime data with the users&#039; current or entered location to provide a &quot;safety reading&quot;. Crime statistics for the 2 block radius around the location used. null crime,government,local,mobile,police,safety, A Geiger counter for crime - a mobile app that combines hyperlocal census/crime data with the users&#039; current or entered location to provide a &quot;safety reading&quot;. Crime statistics for the 2 block radius around the location used.
Track your Twitter ranking via SMS. tweedly.io ranks your Twitter influence from 1 to 10 and will text you when it changes. null messaging,mobile,reference,social, Track your Twitter ranking via SMS. tweedly.io ranks your Twitter influence from 1 to 10 and will text you when it changes.
Find song lyrics + related videos in one search. Good clean fun. null fun,lyrics,music,video, Find song lyrics + related videos in one search. Good clean fun.
Allows Box.net users to preview files stored in their Box accounts in Google Docs Viewer. null enterprise,office,storage, Allows Box.net users to preview files stored in their Box accounts in Google Docs Viewer.
Halter Top for Women. A fully SEO website that pulls in data from Shopzilla using their API. Can be used for UK and US. Each category page is editable and all pages have Meta titles. Easy to navigate and setup. Managed via admin panel. null api,europe,Shopzilla,uk,usa, Halter Top for Women. A fully SEO website that pulls in data from Shopzilla using their API. Can be used for UK and US. Each category page is editable and all pages have Meta titles. Easy to navigate and setup. Managed via admin panel.
Find restaurants, cafes and takeaway foods in Auckland. Provided by Tourism Auckland using the MenuMania.co.nz API null food,mapping,newzealand,travel, Find restaurants, cafes and takeaway foods in Auckland. Provided by Tourism Auckland using the MenuMania.co.nz API
With 44tips.com you create a startpage with your favorite content. Import your photos, videos, music, bookmarks. View your favorite websites in one place. Discover similar content. Collect, save and share your content. null games,music,photo,social,video, With 44tips.com you create a startpage with your favorite content. Import your photos, videos, music, bookmarks. View your favorite websites in one place. Discover similar content. Collect, save and share your content.
Masup of VATSIM and Google maps to make virtual flight tracker. null deadpool,flight,mapping,travel, Masup of VATSIM and Google maps to make virtual flight tracker.
Amazon Prime search engine. Search Amazon for only those products that qualify for Prime or SuperSaver shipping. null deadpool,search,shipping,shopping, Amazon Prime search engine. Search Amazon for only those products that qualify for Prime or SuperSaver shipping.
Tweet Degree let&#039;s you see who your friends are following and if you should be following them too. Tweet degree uses 3 different ranking factors: Strong Links, Trust Rank & Trust Quotient all provided null people,search,social, Tweet Degree let&#039;s you see who your friends are following and if you should be following them too. Tweet degree uses 3 different ranking factors: Strong Links, Trust Rank & Trust Quotient all provided
A search engine for finding similar Websites or tools. null auction,bookmarks,deadpool,search, A search engine for finding similar Websites or tools.
Mumbai Health Tracker is a social service that helps to collect and aggregate health incidents across Mumbai. null health,india, Mumbai Health Tracker is a social service that helps to collect and aggregate health incidents across Mumbai.
A music information aggregator that displays music news, album information, music videos, artists photos, music genres and tags for each artist. null audio,music,news,photo,uk,video, A music information aggregator that displays music news, album information, music videos, artists photos, music genres and tags for each artist.
Stock Cloud tracks press releases to programmatically identify business partnerships. null blog,finance,search, Stock Cloud tracks press releases to programmatically identify business partnerships.
Watch the housing bubble deflate in SF and Silicon Valley. Charts, map, median prices. Timeline of prices over time. Housing data from SF Gate. Great mashup. null california,deadpool,mapping,realestate,sanfrancisco, Watch the housing bubble deflate in SF and Silicon Valley. Charts, map, median prices. Timeline of prices over time. Housing data from SF Gate. Great mashup.
The kitchen sink. Internet search, weather, movies, sms, rss, airfare search, image aearch, meebo, amazon search, stocks data, etc. null movies,rss,search,shopping,sms,weather, The kitchen sink. Internet search, weather, movies, sms, rss, airfare search, image aearch, meebo, amazon search, stocks data, etc.
Web-based music exploration tool. Browse through a dynamically generated graph of albums that are similar to your seed album. Listen to tracks and watch videos as you browse. null deadpool,music,shopping,video,visualization, Web-based music exploration tool. Browse through a dynamically generated graph of albums that are similar to your seed album. Listen to tracks and watch videos as you browse.
Input a word or phrase to see what Jesus has to say.  Input is sent to Living Stones web service to pull related Bible verses.  Newly added is the ability to see Jesus&#039; response to news headlines from NewsCloud. null bible,deadpool,jesus,religion, Input a word or phrase to see what Jesus has to say.  Input is sent to Living Stones web service to pull related Bible verses.  Newly added is the ability to see Jesus&#039; response to news headlines from NewsCloud.
Use this Google Map to plot, pardon the pun, crimes in Topeka Kansas. null crime,deadpool,mapping, Use this Google Map to plot, pardon the pun, crimes in Topeka Kansas.
socialConnect is a platform that uses the Social Actions API to search Social Actions from across 50+ sites and provides tools to the user to promote the Social Actions on various networks like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Blogger.  null advocacy,deadpool,nonprofit,social, socialConnect is a platform that uses the Social Actions API to search Social Actions from across 50+ sites and provides tools to the user to promote the Social Actions on various networks like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Blogger. 
Create and modify custom search engines including Google AJAX Search. null deadpool,search,wiki, Create and modify custom search engines including Google AJAX Search.
Italian real estate application using Google Maps with live completion geocoding, google earth integration, starrable posts, RSS feeds, lightboxed images, and YouTube videos. null italy,mapping,photo,realestate,video, Italian real estate application using Google Maps with live completion geocoding, google earth integration, starrable posts, RSS feeds, lightboxed images, and YouTube videos.
Plots auto listings on their map location (Google + eBay). null auction,mapping,shopping, Plots auto listings on their map location (Google + eBay).
A directory that details a range of useful information and locations such as car parks, cash machines, recycling banks, post offices, emergency contacts plus much more in the city of Lincoln, UK. null mapping,search,uk,visualization, A directory that details a range of useful information and locations such as car parks, cash machines, recycling banks, post offices, emergency contacts plus much more in the city of Lincoln, UK.
An easy way to upload your TwitPic images to Flickr. Uses APIs from Flickr, TwitPic and Twitter. null micrblogging,photo,social,upload, An easy way to upload your TwitPic images to Flickr. Uses APIs from Flickr, TwitPic and Twitter.
Comparison shopping website. null bargains,comparison,shopping, Comparison shopping website.
Search for books by ISBN using this simple application built on the Amazon APIs. null deadpool,search,shopping, Search for books by ISBN using this simple application built on the Amazon APIs.
Drawloop lets you merge and automate document creation. The service increases sales efficiency, improve close rates and increase revenue by allowing sales reps to create dynamic document packages or DDPs (bundle of Excel, Word, PowerPoint and PDF files). null CRM,documents,enterprise,office,sales, Drawloop lets you merge and automate document creation. The service increases sales efficiency, improve close rates and increase revenue by allowing sales reps to create dynamic document packages or DDPs (bundle of Excel, Word, PowerPoint and PDF files).
SpyTickr spys on Twitter, Flickr, Photobucket, del.icio.us, LinkedIn, Jaiku and YouTube in realtime. null bookmarks,photo,realtime, SpyTickr spys on Twitter, Flickr, Photobucket, del.icio.us, LinkedIn, Jaiku and YouTube in realtime.
BeeLiked, is a new social media marketing tool built specifically to help you maximise engagement with BeeLiked campaign features, and then manage and promote your contest with our social dashboard.  The platform enables you to launch a Twitter contest within minutes, manage and moderate entries with minimal hassle, and then pick winners ethically and quickly. null contests,social,tools, BeeLiked, is a new social media marketing tool built specifically to help you maximise engagement with BeeLiked campaign features, and then manage and promote your contest with our social dashboard.  The platform enables you to launch a Twitter contest within minutes, manage and moderate entries with minimal hassle, and then pick winners ethically and quickly.
Pictajam lets users instantly create a public, shareable profile from their Instagram photo stream. Send and share images with anyone in the world. null mobile,photo,social,visualization, Pictajam lets users instantly create a public, shareable profile from their Instagram photo stream. Send and share images with anyone in the world.
Sample business generated talking photos, used for marketing purposes. Engage customers and then share on popular social media sites like Facebook and Twitter. null photo,social,video,visualization, Sample business generated talking photos, used for marketing purposes. Engage customers and then share on popular social media sites like Facebook and Twitter.
A partnership between FEED, The GAP and DonorsChoose.org. This site uses the DonorsChoose to find local classrooms who need support. null charity,education, A partnership between FEED, The GAP and DonorsChoose.org. This site uses the DonorsChoose to find local classrooms who need support.
Loads news feeds, extracts meaningful terms and searches for related news, blog and discussion pages. Allows the user to browse the news by articles or by entities. null blog,deadpool,news,search, Loads news feeds, extracts meaningful terms and searches for related news, blog and discussion pages. Allows the user to browse the news by articles or by entities.
A simple 3D flight simulator plug-in for Microsoft Virtual Earth. Uses the 3D plugin. Comes with source code. null 3d,Csharp,games,mapping,simulator,source, A simple 3D flight simulator plug-in for Microsoft Virtual Earth. Uses the 3D plugin. Comes with source code.
A simple script for synching comments between matching threads on Disqus and FriendFeed. null Comments,deadpool,feeds,social,utility, A simple script for synching comments between matching threads on Disqus and FriendFeed.
View estimated flight delays for airports. See routes mapped. Live data via faa.gov. null airports,deadpool,flights,gov,mapping,travel, View estimated flight delays for airports. See routes mapped. Live data via faa.gov.
3D driving simulator that shows the present position in different views including street and birds-eye view. Sightseeing tours are predefined for  e.g. New York, Rome, Hollywood and Yellowstone Park. Views are synchronized for easy panning. null 3d,driving,games,mapping,simulation,simulator, 3D driving simulator that shows the present position in different views including street and birds-eye view. Sightseeing tours are predefined for  e.g. New York, Rome, Hollywood and Yellowstone Park. Views are synchronized for easy panning.
This is a browser extension that tells you when people remove you from all of their circles on Google+ (GooglePlus).  null reference,social, This is a browser extension that tells you when people remove you from all of their circles on Google+ (GooglePlus). 
Store your GPS tracks in the web server and view your private and everyone public tracks on Google Maps. Supports GPX format. null gps,GPX,mapping,tracks, Store your GPS tracks in the web server and view your private and everyone public tracks on Google Maps. Supports GPX format.
Uses the Amazon API and an Ajax-style UI to retrieve CD/DVD covers from the Amazon catalog. The second version of Albumart.org adds music, video, and lyric search, in addition to albumart search. null ajax,music,shopping, Uses the Amazon API and an Ajax-style UI to retrieve CD/DVD covers from the Amazon catalog. The second version of Albumart.org adds music, video, and lyric search, in addition to albumart search.
An official Google Gadget to demonstrate the Visualization API. A dynamic flash based chart to explore several indicators over time. Required columns: bubble name, time and 2 columns of numeric values. null Charting,visualization,widgets, An official Google Gadget to demonstrate the Visualization API. A dynamic flash based chart to explore several indicators over time. Required columns: bubble name, time and 2 columns of numeric values.
Find concerts from around the world, pictures, and discography for any musical artist or band. null concert,concerts,deadpool,discography,music,photo, Find concerts from around the world, pictures, and discography for any musical artist or band.
Weather forecasts for the whole world. Swedish site. null geography,mapping,sweden,weather, Weather forecasts for the whole world. Swedish site.
Live Notes is an iPad application that makes synchronized voice and written notes, and through its integration with Box.net, users can upload those notes directly to a Box account. null pim,storage,Voice, Live Notes is an iPad application that makes synchronized voice and written notes, and through its integration with Box.net, users can upload those notes directly to a Box account.
City ratings and rankings by people. null mapping,rankings,ratings,realestate,social,travel, City ratings and rankings by people.
Twilio@Home allows you to remotely control your home devices via phone calls (SMS coming soon). Not only do you get an audio confirmation that your device or appliance was turned on/off, you can pull up a website and get a visual confirmation as well. Home automation made easy and fun with Twilio. null deadpool, Twilio@Home allows you to remotely control your home devices via phone calls (SMS coming soon). Not only do you get an audio confirmation that your device or appliance was turned on/off, you can pull up a website and get a visual confirmation as well. Home automation made easy and fun with Twilio.
Find restaurants in New Zealand using MSN integrated with the Menu Mania API. null food,newzealand,restaurant, Find restaurants in New Zealand using MSN integrated with the Menu Mania API.
Display your latest Twitter updates on your Orkut profile page. Your Orkut friends can read your tweets right from within Orkut. null blog,deadpool,messaging,microblogging,social, Display your latest Twitter updates on your Orkut profile page. Your Orkut friends can read your tweets right from within Orkut.
Webjam is a platform designed to enable creating an unlimited number of modular websites with a community attached to each. Privacy settings for each module. With an AJAX-y drag and drop interface. null ajax,blog,mapping,social, Webjam is a platform designed to enable creating an unlimited number of modular websites with a community attached to each. Privacy settings for each module. With an AJAX-y drag and drop interface.
This visualises the tags used on content in the Guardian website. So for example, you can see what topics relate to News today, then drill down into Business, then into Banking, then click see what what was happening there yesterday, and so on. null javafx,news,tags,uk,visualization, This visualises the tags used on content in the Guardian website. So for example, you can see what topics relate to News today, then drill down into Business, then into Banking, then click see what what was happening there yesterday, and so on.
Find out what is being talked about in your neck of the woods with this auto-refreshing, real-time geo-twitter mashup. Also home of the great Fail Whale massacre. null deadpool,fun,mapping,messaging,social, Find out what is being talked about in your neck of the woods with this auto-refreshing, real-time geo-twitter mashup. Also home of the great Fail Whale massacre.
Classifieds and auctions search and monitoring app. Search craigslist, oodle, kijiji, backpage, and eBay across different locations; define advanced search criteria; save searches and monitor them over time via a custom dashboard. null classifieds,craigslist,jobs,search,shopping, Classifieds and auctions search and monitoring app. Search craigslist, oodle, kijiji, backpage, and eBay across different locations; define advanced search criteria; save searches and monitor them over time via a custom dashboard.
Doc2Cloud allows you to work with documents in cloud services like Box.net, Google Docs, Zoho and Dropbox from inside Microsoft Office.    null reference,storage, Doc2Cloud allows you to work with documents in cloud services like Box.net, Google Docs, Zoho and Dropbox from inside Microsoft Office.   
A site that automatically suggests descriptive keywords for websites. null advertising,keyword,marketing,Optimization,sem,SEO, A site that automatically suggests descriptive keywords for websites.
SeatSimple allows reservations to be made by automated phone messages to a business&#039;s point of sales instantly. Book appointments via website or Facebook page, without the need for an internet connection at your point of sale.   null deadpool,mobile,social,telephony, SeatSimple allows reservations to be made by automated phone messages to a business&#039;s point of sales instantly. Book appointments via website or Facebook page, without the need for an internet connection at your point of sale.  
Search the web from your mobile phone using the 411Sync WAP Interface. null deadpool,messaging,mobile,search, Search the web from your mobile phone using the 411Sync WAP Interface.
A site that will automatically determine your net worth. Real estate valuations based on Zillow. null deadpool,finance,realestate, A site that will automatically determine your net worth. Real estate valuations based on Zillow.
Etsy Shop SEO Tool. Analyzes a seller&#039;s shop data, together with data from competitors in the same niche. Performs keyword research and suggests changes to improve the shop&#039;s SEO and competitivity. null keyword,research,retail,SEO,tools, Etsy Shop SEO Tool. Analyzes a seller&#039;s shop data, together with data from competitors in the same niche. Performs keyword research and suggests changes to improve the shop&#039;s SEO and competitivity.
SeeqPod Music recommendations mashup for Amazon Marketplace. null music,recommendation,shopping, SeeqPod Music recommendations mashup for Amazon Marketplace.
Heat map of solar power in California from 1999 to 2011. Year selector that allows you to see the change in solar from year to year. Updated from our 2008 version.  null california,energy,green,mapping,solar, Heat map of solar power in California from 1999 to 2011. Year selector that allows you to see the change in solar from year to year. Updated from our 2008 version. 
Ascendify makes it more efficient for enterprise companies to connect with future talent - think &quot;lead nurturing of future employees.&quot; We transform a static listing of jobs and complicated application process at a company&#039;s website into an active, engaging talent community. Companies use Ascendify to build employment brand and amplify social referrals which drives down recruiting costs, reduces time to hire, and improves the quality of candidates. null jobs,recruiting,search,social, Ascendify makes it more efficient for enterprise companies to connect with future talent - think &quot;lead nurturing of future employees.&quot; We transform a static listing of jobs and complicated application process at a company&#039;s website into an active, engaging talent community. Companies use Ascendify to build employment brand and amplify social referrals which drives down recruiting costs, reduces time to hire, and improves the quality of candidates.
Used baby products such as strollers and car seats that children have outgrown. null local,mapping,search,shopping, Used baby products such as strollers and car seats that children have outgrown.
Aggregator and OneStopSearch for typography. Special Interest Observer null aggregator,typography, Aggregator and OneStopSearch for typography. Special Interest Observer
A media observer for street art and graffiti. Integrates images and videos from Flickr, Photobucket, Vimeo, YouTube, Zoomr and other sites. null deadpool,Graffiti,photo,streetart,video, A media observer for street art and graffiti. Integrates images and videos from Flickr, Photobucket, Vimeo, YouTube, Zoomr and other sites.
Livecontacts friend finder application for connected Windows Mobile PDAs and Nokia Symbian smartphones. Know where your friends are and plot your position in Google Maps. null gps,mapping,mobile, Livecontacts friend finder application for connected Windows Mobile PDAs and Nokia Symbian smartphones. Know where your friends are and plot your position in Google Maps.
Listen to your favorite blog, or turn any blog into a podcast using your own voice null audio,blog,deadpool,podcast, Listen to your favorite blog, or turn any blog into a podcast using your own voice
Wikipedia-roll is a global and dynamic version of articles from Wikipedia. Gives access to a global vision of a subject through the definition and items of the article in Wikipedia. Then by mashup serendipity, it discovers a lot of things. null reference,visualization,wiki,wikipedia, Wikipedia-roll is a global and dynamic version of articles from Wikipedia. Gives access to a global vision of a subject through the definition and items of the article in Wikipedia. Then by mashup serendipity, it discovers a lot of things.
Headup is a Semantic Web Firefox addon that brings you content related to your interests, friends and contacts. null addon,extension,firefox,semantic,SemanticWeb,social, Headup is a Semantic Web Firefox addon that brings you content related to your interests, friends and contacts.
Inflooenz is a music discovery tool based on the concept of influences. It allows the user to get introduced to unknown musicians through their favorite ones in a friendly way. Inflooenz creates a playlist with the very best of each influencer to showcase their work and populates other relevant information for a friendly first approach. Its main difference against other recommendation engines is that &#039;influence&#039; is a wider concept than similarity: while still related to a starting point (the favorite artist), the user can come up with new music that it&#039;s not &#039;more of the same&#039;. null music, Inflooenz is a music discovery tool based on the concept of influences. It allows the user to get introduced to unknown musicians through their favorite ones in a friendly way. Inflooenz creates a playlist with the very best of each influencer to showcase their work and populates other relevant information for a friendly first approach. Its main difference against other recommendation engines is that &#039;influence&#039; is a wider concept than similarity: while still related to a starting point (the favorite artist), the user can come up with new music that it&#039;s not &#039;more of the same&#039;.
Google Maps mashup of historical photos of Singapore. null deadpool,history,mapping,photo,Singapore, Google Maps mashup of historical photos of Singapore.
Play a game of pool inside MSN Messenger and Windows Live Messenger. null chat,deadpool,messaging, Play a game of pool inside MSN Messenger and Windows Live Messenger.
Take to the skies as an eagle soaring over this slick interface to Google maps. Circle under clouds to catch thermals. null deadpool,games,mapping, Take to the skies as an eagle soaring over this slick interface to Google maps. Circle under clouds to catch thermals.
This is an experimental work for TEDxAlger (Algeria). A page that shows who will be attending the event and Twitter streaming using HTML5 and Nodejs. null deadpool,events,reference,social, This is an experimental work for TEDxAlger (Algeria). A page that shows who will be attending the event and Twitter streaming using HTML5 and Nodejs.
Create your own outfit and share it with people on social networks. Uses the Stylight API, Google Gadget and soon Google OpenSocial. null clothes,Fashion,gadget,shopping,widgets, Create your own outfit and share it with people on social networks. Uses the Stylight API, Google Gadget and soon Google OpenSocial.
Demonstration that tracks a private aircraft anywhere in the world via  Iridium satellite network. null aviation,deadpool,gps,mapping,travel, Demonstration that tracks a private aircraft anywhere in the world via  Iridium satellite network.
Tweetmapper lets anyone map their twitter updates through the use of a simple hashtag, #at or #loc. You get your own map tracking your travels and can embed your map in any blog or website. null geocoding,mapping,microblogging,widget, Tweetmapper lets anyone map their twitter updates through the use of a simple hashtag, #at or #loc. You get your own map tracking your travels and can embed your map in any blog or website.
Microsite that uses DonorsChoose API to show school programs where you can donate and where SONIC Drive-In has contributed. null charity,education, Microsite that uses DonorsChoose API to show school programs where you can donate and where SONIC Drive-In has contributed.
Outdoor Vancouver is a guide to sports and recreation in Vancouver BC and the surrounding area. Find club listings, articles, trails, photos, maps and more covering a wide variety of activities such as hiking, mountain biking, climbing and skiing. null canada,deadpool,mapping,photo, Outdoor Vancouver is a guide to sports and recreation in Vancouver BC and the surrounding area. Find club listings, articles, trails, photos, maps and more covering a wide variety of activities such as hiking, mountain biking, climbing and skiing.
Provides a place for any web page for visitors to meet, chat, share their social profiles and photos and videos. There&#039;s also a play stock market where users can invest in social profiles and web pages. null chat,games,photo,social,video, Provides a place for any web page for visitors to meet, chat, share their social profiles and photos and videos. There&#039;s also a play stock market where users can invest in social profiles and web pages.
See live vessel traffic and positions. Marine Traffic&#039;s public map contains thousands of ships, including type and name. In some cases, there are even photos of the ship. You can create an account, you can add specific ships to your fleet. null mapping,marine,shipping, See live vessel traffic and positions. Marine Traffic&#039;s public map contains thousands of ships, including type and name. In some cases, there are even photos of the ship. You can create an account, you can add specific ships to your fleet.
SoundCloud meets animated GIFS. null animated,gif,music,soundcloud,startupweekend, SoundCloud meets animated GIFS.
A small web player that plays music and shows images from the web that represent the current artist. null Flex,music,photo, A small web player that plays music and shows images from the web that represent the current artist.
PelFind lets you explore interesting photos from around the web. You can also enter urls of webpages that you want to explore, create lists and more. null pictures,search,visualization, PelFind lets you explore interesting photos from around the web. You can also enter urls of webpages that you want to explore, create lists and more.
Displays latest games from JoyRack.com. You can play, add these games to your website or your Google home page (iGoogle page) from this gadget. null games,shopping,widgets, Displays latest games from JoyRack.com. You can play, add these games to your website or your Google home page (iGoogle page) from this gadget.
Salesforce SMS is a Visual Force page to send an SMS from salesforce.com null messaging,sms, Salesforce SMS is a Visual Force page to send an SMS from salesforce.com
Uses the HotOrNot API to find girls and guys in your by location. null dating,deadpool,mapping,search, Uses the HotOrNot API to find girls and guys in your by location.
Matches up The Guardian&#039;s &quot;1000 songs to hear before you die&quot; with Last.FM listener stats, and displays lyrics for each song from LyricWiki.org null charts,lastfm,lyrics,music,songs, Matches up The Guardian&#039;s &quot;1000 songs to hear before you die&quot; with Last.FM listener stats, and displays lyrics for each song from LyricWiki.org
One-stop shop for the daily group buy deals in your city. View deals on a map or list with ratings powered by Yelp . null coupons,local,shopping, One-stop shop for the daily group buy deals in your city. View deals on a map or list with ratings powered by Yelp .
Twitter Search in 2 separate languages. As an option, we can translate your query into your second selected Twitter Search Language and find tweets that include that translated query. Features include Search-as-you-Type, 21 Twitter Search Languages, Update Notifications and Side-by-Side Dual-language Search Results. null language,multilingual,realtime,search,Translation,Twitter, Twitter Search in 2 separate languages. As an option, we can translate your query into your second selected Twitter Search Language and find tweets that include that translated query. Features include Search-as-you-Type, 21 Twitter Search Languages, Update Notifications and Side-by-Side Dual-language Search Results.
The Ewi - Pewter is the music streaming radio real-time search service. You can find radio stations that streams the music, by entering artist name. null music,radio,search,streaming, The Ewi - Pewter is the music streaming radio real-time search service. You can find radio stations that streams the music, by entering artist name.
&quot;Pub Crawl&quot; uses the foursquare venues API to provide a way for you to plan a pub crawl in a neighbourhood and see the blokes who will likely be your drinking buddies there. Photos of mayors represent the venues (pubs and/or bars) and are ordered with the closest venues first. Click a photo to drilldown to the foursquare venue page and start your crawl! null geolocation,search,social, &quot;Pub Crawl&quot; uses the foursquare venues API to provide a way for you to plan a pub crawl in a neighbourhood and see the blokes who will likely be your drinking buddies there. Photos of mayors represent the venues (pubs and/or bars) and are ordered with the closest venues first. Click a photo to drilldown to the foursquare venue page and start your crawl!
Easy Faster PDF eBooks Finder. null mapping,office,pdf,search, Easy Faster PDF eBooks Finder.
An online search engine and community of online shoppers to find and share coupon codes, discounts, bargains and deals for online purchases. null bargains,deadpool,shopping,social, An online search engine and community of online shoppers to find and share coupon codes, discounts, bargains and deals for online purchases.
See recent sales, client reviews, and market forecasts of real estate agents operating in your neighborhood. null mapping,realestate, See recent sales, client reviews, and market forecasts of real estate agents operating in your neighborhood.
Snippee lets you read, share and discuss the news and social snippets from all the services you use. null deadpool,news,rss,social, Snippee lets you read, share and discuss the news and social snippets from all the services you use.
Spanish traffic information in real time and via Twitter. Maps of traffic incidents, price of fuel in gas stations, charts, reporting of incidents via user tweets. null charts,mapping,spain,traffic,transportation, Spanish traffic information in real time and via Twitter. Maps of traffic incidents, price of fuel in gas stations, charts, reporting of incidents via user tweets.
Habitamos Maps combines postings from Habitamos with Google Maps satellite pictures to show a houses and apartments for sale or to rent (Spain). Warning: slow from US. null mapping,realestate,spain, Habitamos Maps combines postings from Habitamos with Google Maps satellite pictures to show a houses and apartments for sale or to rent (Spain). Warning: slow from US.
Tour of California Cycling Blog covers 100+ mile bike rides. GPS satellite data, route profiles, pictures, and more information is available. null california,cycling,gps,mapping,sports, Tour of California Cycling Blog covers 100+ mile bike rides. GPS satellite data, route profiles, pictures, and more information is available.
Share code with developers through Twitter. Provided as a plugin for Eclipse (initially), use it to select a file or snippet of text in an editor and share it on Twitter. null code,js-kit,microblogging,tools, Share code with developers through Twitter. Provided as a plugin for Eclipse (initially), use it to select a file or snippet of text in an editor and share it on Twitter.
Find your ideal U.S. wineries using visitor reviews, wine ratings, winery amenities and services, and winery location.  Create custom interaries including wineries, wine events and other wine tourism-related businesses.   null mapping,search,tools,wine, Find your ideal U.S. wineries using visitor reviews, wine ratings, winery amenities and services, and winery location.  Create custom interaries including wineries, wine events and other wine tourism-related businesses.  
Browse the timeline of war and conflict across the globe. Integrates with Freebase and Google Maps Flash. null conflict,history,mapping,reference,timeline,war, Browse the timeline of war and conflict across the globe. Integrates with Freebase and Google Maps Flash.
Using Ushahidi crowdsourced crisis response platform and OpenStreetMap, this mashup communicates the location a services and resources useful to those on the scene in Japan. null earthquake,japan,mapping,news, Using Ushahidi crowdsourced crisis response platform and OpenStreetMap, this mashup communicates the location a services and resources useful to those on the scene in Japan.
Digg-style voting for places. Discover and share places, from the hippest bars to upcoming eateries. Every venue is submitted and voted on (buzzed) by people like you. If a place gets enough buzzes then it appears on the front page. null bars,local,mapping,restaurants,search,voting, Digg-style voting for places. Discover and share places, from the hippest bars to upcoming eateries. Every venue is submitted and voted on (buzzed) by people like you. If a place gets enough buzzes then it appears on the front page.
View a map that uses custom map types to create a 3D stylized map of Hong Kong. null 3d,hongkong,mapping,visualization, View a map that uses custom map types to create a 3D stylized map of Hong Kong.
A WordPress Plugin that conveniently displays an agent&#039;s AgentRank data- profile, sales, reviews, forecasts, etc., from RealtyBaron. null blog,realestate,reference,social, A WordPress Plugin that conveniently displays an agent&#039;s AgentRank data- profile, sales, reviews, forecasts, etc., from RealtyBaron.
MusicPortl is a place where you can gather information about music artists, took from several interesting places all over the web. MusicPortl tells you about almost every known artists biography by featuring wikipedia articles, links to recent blog posts. null music,photo,shopping,video, MusicPortl is a place where you can gather information about music artists, took from several interesting places all over the web. MusicPortl tells you about almost every known artists biography by featuring wikipedia articles, links to recent blog posts.
Shows interesting topics currently being searched for. Clusters content around topics of interest. A semantic analytic is applied over the content to connect related topics and provide more context. null deadpool,news,photo,search,video, Shows interesting topics currently being searched for. Clusters content around topics of interest. A semantic analytic is applied over the content to connect related topics and provide more context.
Goggles is a very fun and creative flight simulator built on top of Google Maps. Pick from one of five cities and go. Change altitude and direction using the arrow keys. null games,mapping, Goggles is a very fun and creative flight simulator built on top of Google Maps. Pick from one of five cities and go. Change altitude and direction using the arrow keys.
A site to get any information about automobiles such as images, video, questions and answers. null deadpool,reference,search,shopping, A site to get any information about automobiles such as images, video, questions and answers.
Mashup concerning Velib, the biggest bicycle-rental operation in Paris, France. You can find your stations, get directions and altitude profile, check status of stations in realtime. It works now with Lyon and Marseille also. null bicycle,france,mapping,Paris,shopping, Mashup concerning Velib, the biggest bicycle-rental operation in Paris, France. You can find your stations, get directions and altitude profile, check status of stations in realtime. It works now with Lyon and Marseille also.
Shows the UK weather forecast for the next five days using Google Maps to find the location. null mapping,weather, Shows the UK weather forecast for the next five days using Google Maps to find the location.
A travel blog where travellers can create blogs about their journeys and map their travels. null mapping,travel, A travel blog where travellers can create blogs about their journeys and map their travels.
Uptime monitoring service, aka the SaaS Weather Report, for Software as a Service including Google Apps, Salesforce, and Wordpress, run by an independent third party. null internet,monitoring,security, Uptime monitoring service, aka the SaaS Weather Report, for Software as a Service including Google Apps, Salesforce, and Wordpress, run by an independent third party.
Mobile web app. Integrates an iTunes library, videos from YouTube, lyrics from LyricWiki and similar songs from LastFm. Recently added photos from Yahoo&#039;s BOSS API, Eventful concerts, and Twitter. null android,iPhone,lyrics,mobile,music,WebOS, Mobile web app. Integrates an iTunes library, videos from YouTube, lyrics from LyricWiki and similar songs from LastFm. Recently added photos from Yahoo&#039;s BOSS API, Eventful concerts, and Twitter.
VIDVIDOO New Releases and Classics Movie Reviews, Video Trailer, Actors Info, DVD Deals and Online Streaming. Update: VIDVIDOO.com domain is expired, visit http://bobsfilm.com for the demo. null reference,video, VIDVIDOO New Releases and Classics Movie Reviews, Video Trailer, Actors Info, DVD Deals and Online Streaming. Update: VIDVIDOO.com domain is expired, visit http://bobsfilm.com for the demo.
SugarCRM is an online customer relationship management application, and its integration with Box.net allows SugarCRM users to view their content on Box within the SugarCRM environment. null CRM,enterprise,storage, SugarCRM is an online customer relationship management application, and its integration with Box.net allows SugarCRM users to view their content on Box within the SugarCRM environment.
findacar.us is a place to find new and used vehicles for sale, car dealerships, and reviews from all across the United States. null automotive,dealerships,reference,search,shopping,vehicle, findacar.us is a place to find new and used vehicles for sale, car dealerships, and reviews from all across the United States.
Makes it easy to automate downloads and updates directly to your MailChimp account from inside Microsoft Excel. You get access to the full suite of over 100 API commands, including the bulk Export API for fast downloads of large lists, campaign subscriber activity and ecommerce orders. null email,excel,plugin,spreadsheet, Makes it easy to automate downloads and updates directly to your MailChimp account from inside Microsoft Excel. You get access to the full suite of over 100 API commands, including the bulk Export API for fast downloads of large lists, campaign subscriber activity and ecommerce orders.
Local Alerts, Local News, Yahoo Traffic, Google Maps, NOAA Weather mashup. Alert mashup includes CERT, earthquakes, tsunamis, Avian flu... null mapping,news,transit,weather, Local Alerts, Local News, Yahoo Traffic, Google Maps, NOAA Weather mashup. Alert mashup includes CERT, earthquakes, tsunamis, Avian flu...
Twitter voice search in multiple languages. Features include Search-by-Voice, Search-as-You-Type, Real-time Search Suggestions, &quot;Did you say&quot; Speech-to-Text Corrections, Real-Time Update Notifications and 66 Speech-to-Text Languages. null multilingual,realtime,search,Twitter,Voice, Twitter voice search in multiple languages. Features include Search-by-Voice, Search-as-You-Type, Real-time Search Suggestions, &quot;Did you say&quot; Speech-to-Text Corrections, Real-Time Update Notifications and 66 Speech-to-Text Languages.
Mp3Album.org is a music mashup site that has artists Mp3s, albums, videos, and images. Listen to Mp3s online. Also has popular artists by country. null mp3,music,video, Mp3Album.org is a music mashup site that has artists Mp3s, albums, videos, and images. Listen to Mp3s online. Also has popular artists by country.
Add photos from Flickr to your uCoz site. null deadpool,photo, Add photos from Flickr to your uCoz site.
Twitter & SMS custom social media dashboard for all things related to TwilioCon 2012. null dashboard,sms,Twitter, Twitter & SMS custom social media dashboard for all things related to TwilioCon 2012.
Groupon Bot searchs groupon API to display national deals that people from any city can buy. null deals,local,search,shopping, Groupon Bot searchs groupon API to display national deals that people from any city can buy.
Designed to make email marketing easier. Send an email newsletter, an  email promotion, an email event invitation, or build your email lists. null deadpool,email,marketing, Designed to make email marketing easier. Send an email newsletter, an  email promotion, an email event invitation, or build your email lists.
A mashup displaying my collected favourite quotations and sourcing data from various APIs. null fun,quotes,tools, A mashup displaying my collected favourite quotations and sourcing data from various APIs.
Realtime availability and performance of popular, public APIs. The lists of monitored APIs consists of the most heavily trafficked Web services, including Google Search, Google Maps, Bing, Facebook, Twitter, SalesForce, YouTube, Amazon, eBay and others. null api,monitoring,status,watchmouse,webservice, Realtime availability and performance of popular, public APIs. The lists of monitored APIs consists of the most heavily trafficked Web services, including Google Search, Google Maps, Bing, Facebook, Twitter, SalesForce, YouTube, Amazon, eBay and others.
Find out who clicks the bit.ly links that you tweet. null analytics,deadpool,messaging,social,statistics, Find out who clicks the bit.ly links that you tweet.
Citizens can request service and check the status of service requests using Google Maps, Cityworks local API and ReCaptcha. Citizens can solicit a request by entering an address manually or select a location from a Google Map. null government,mapping, Citizens can request service and check the status of service requests using Google Maps, Cityworks local API and ReCaptcha. Citizens can solicit a request by entering an address manually or select a location from a Google Map.
Friend Fare Finder lets visitors see which of their Facebook friends are the cheapest to visit. By utilizing Facebook, Kayak and Google Maps APIs, we are able plot friends on the map and list the cheapest upcoming airfare and travel dates to visit them. null airfare,facebook,flights,friends,travel, Friend Fare Finder lets visitors see which of their Facebook friends are the cheapest to visit. By utilizing Facebook, Kayak and Google Maps APIs, we are able plot friends on the map and list the cheapest upcoming airfare and travel dates to visit them.
A straightforward and clean interface to YouTube via their APIs. Workplace safe. null search,video, A straightforward and clean interface to YouTube via their APIs. Workplace safe.
Find any of 6,300 stores that carry the Android phone. null android,deadpool,flash,mapping,mobile,shopping, Find any of 6,300 stores that carry the Android phone.
Arrowpointe Maps is an on-demand application that facilitates a conversation between Salesforce.com and MapQuest.  This application has been superseded by Geopointe.  Look for Geopointe here on Programmable Web. null enterprise,mapping, Arrowpointe Maps is an on-demand application that facilitates a conversation between Salesforce.com and MapQuest.  This application has been superseded by Geopointe.  Look for Geopointe here on Programmable Web.
The Snowman of Babel lets users text or call in and request a translation of their favorite holiday greeting in a random language along with a cool fact about that holiday. null deadpool,fun,holidays,messaging,mobile,telephony, The Snowman of Babel lets users text or call in and request a translation of their favorite holiday greeting in a random language along with a cool fact about that holiday.
Site details events in the County of Devon (UK), featuring town shows, carnivals, farmers markets etc. Works on a three month forward basis, presently showing events for Dec to Feb. Also links to a Devon live entertainment page which features the leading theaters and venues in the region, a Devon attractions site detailing and a wide variety of things to do and places to visit. null events,mapping,reference,search,visualization, Site details events in the County of Devon (UK), featuring town shows, carnivals, farmers markets etc. Works on a three month forward basis, presently showing events for Dec to Feb. Also links to a Devon live entertainment page which features the leading theaters and venues in the region, a Devon attractions site detailing and a wide variety of things to do and places to visit.
Simple phone conversation recording. a free service and conversations are stored on Twilio&#039;s secure servers.  null deadpool,phone,telephony, Simple phone conversation recording. a free service and conversations are stored on Twilio&#039;s secure servers. 
A real-time camera mashup. Shows the 10 most recent tweets from Twitter and pictures from Flickr about cameras. Gives an idea about the current news and events surrounding cameras. null deadpool,messaging,microblogging,news,photo, A real-time camera mashup. Shows the 10 most recent tweets from Twitter and pictures from Flickr about cameras. Gives an idea about the current news and events surrounding cameras.
Mashup of ClearForest and Google Calendar. It places an unobtrusive icon at the top of each day. Click icon for snapshot of people, companies, products and locations in the news. You can drill down to the original news article. null calendar,deadpool,events,news,semantic, Mashup of ClearForest and Google Calendar. It places an unobtrusive icon at the top of each day. Click icon for snapshot of people, companies, products and locations in the news. You can drill down to the original news article.
This We Know lets you get local and explore government data about your community. Enter your city or zip code and get a list of facts. Click an individual item and be taken to a breakdown of the data. Finalist in Apps for America 2 contest.  null contests,gov,government,mapping, This We Know lets you get local and explore government data about your community. Enter your city or zip code and get a list of facts. Click an individual item and be taken to a breakdown of the data. Finalist in Apps for America 2 contest. 
TodoToday for Producteev is a todo list application to show current due and overdue tasks from the online task management tool Producteev null mobile,task,todo, TodoToday for Producteev is a todo list application to show current due and overdue tasks from the online task management tool Producteev
SaveUp is a top Polish e-commerce mobile app. It allows to recognize the movies, books, games or audio CDs covers. Identified items can be puchased instantly in one of the 50 biggest online shops in the country. Appllication provides to its users more than 3 000 000 offers.  null android,commerce,mobile, SaveUp is a top Polish e-commerce mobile app. It allows to recognize the movies, books, games or audio CDs covers. Identified items can be puchased instantly in one of the 50 biggest online shops in the country. Appllication provides to its users more than 3 000 000 offers. 
Calculate the chance of a successful relationship between you and your lover, find out if the relationship will work out.  null dating,fun,games,love,social, Calculate the chance of a successful relationship between you and your lover, find out if the relationship will work out. 
The Social Media Marketing Dashboard null dashboard,facebook,media,monitoring,social,Twitter, The Social Media Marketing Dashboard
This demo uses the MaxMind service from a Flex application to plot a users position on a 3D globe rendered by Away3D Lite. null 3d,Away3D,Flex,geolocation,howto,mapping, This demo uses the MaxMind service from a Flex application to plot a users position on a 3D globe rendered by Away3D Lite.
Displays Google search terms in a tag cloud. Uses Yahoo Term Extraction API to group terms together. Greasemonkey script available. null search, Displays Google search terms in a tag cloud. Uses Yahoo Term Extraction API to group terms together. Greasemonkey script available.
Explore travellr is a mashup that searches content from Flickr, Google Maps, and YouTube, and displays useful posts filtered by city, state, or activity. Type New York City and see what comes up, or maybe try searching for skiing in japan.  null search,social,travel,visualization, Explore travellr is a mashup that searches content from Flickr, Google Maps, and YouTube, and displays useful posts filtered by city, state, or activity. Type New York City and see what comes up, or maybe try searching for skiing in japan. 
Track Daily Deal Provides an easy way to track and compare daily deals. null search,shopping, Track Daily Deal Provides an easy way to track and compare daily deals.
Full screen, Google Maps real estate portal to find real estate professionals, properties for sale, and home valuation with local agent recommendations. null mapping,realestate, Full screen, Google Maps real estate portal to find real estate professionals, properties for sale, and home valuation with local agent recommendations.
Satellite images, information and directions for hundreds of stadiums across the United States. null baseball,events,football,mapping,sports,tickets, Satellite images, information and directions for hundreds of stadiums across the United States.
Gigs and music events happening in Edinburgh and Glasgow, Scotland.  Browse by date, artist, venue, town, and get live updates via Twitter. Three APIs are used: Last.fm, MusicBrainz, and Cloudmade. The code is open-sourced and available on Github. null deadpool,events,gigs,music,scotland,source, Gigs and music events happening in Edinburgh and Glasgow, Scotland.  Browse by date, artist, venue, town, and get live updates via Twitter. Three APIs are used: Last.fm, MusicBrainz, and Cloudmade. The code is open-sourced and available on Github.
A directory of Google+ users. Features include user rankings, a world map, a widget, a mosaic of the top 100 Google+ profiles and a page of social statistics. null GooglePlus,mapping,reference,search,social,visualization, A directory of Google+ users. Features include user rankings, a world map, a widget, a mosaic of the top 100 Google+ profiles and a page of social statistics.
Music discovery on your PC using Last.fm, MusicBrainz, Amazon, eBay. Create your own playlists and stream them directly from YouTube. null music,social,video, Music discovery on your PC using Last.fm, MusicBrainz, Amazon, eBay. Create your own playlists and stream them directly from YouTube.
A weather site that aggregates information about local weather and presents it in a simple visual interface.  null Data,local,weather, A weather site that aggregates information about local weather and presents it in a simple visual interface. 
Federal contract data from FedSpending.org visually presented using the Google Chart API. See where the money goes. null charts,contracts,deadpool,government,visualization, Federal contract data from FedSpending.org visually presented using the Google Chart API. See where the money goes.
Lets users browse videos by combining tags together, it&#039;s like channel zapping with keywords. Watch while you browse, resize, find unexpected stuff, share. null deadpool,flash,serendipity,tags,video, Lets users browse videos by combining tags together, it&#039;s like channel zapping with keywords. Watch while you browse, resize, find unexpected stuff, share.
Map of the recent Japan Earthquake and Seismic Activity leading up to it. null events,MapLarge,mapping,news,reference, Map of the recent Japan Earthquake and Seismic Activity leading up to it.
A mashup of Virtual Earth and the StrataVarious map and geotagged data system with clickable key and user-requested layered pop-ups. Find landmarks, hotels, colleges, theaters, restaurants, and more. null deadpool,local,mapping,seattle, A mashup of Virtual Earth and the StrataVarious map and geotagged data system with clickable key and user-requested layered pop-ups. Find landmarks, hotels, colleges, theaters, restaurants, and more.
Capture your memories from popular social media sites. See, search and share your photos, music, video, status updates, blog posts and more.  null bookmarks,photos,social,travel, Capture your memories from popular social media sites. See, search and share your photos, music, video, status updates, blog posts and more. 
ARSights is a Web-based tool for visualizing Google Earth 3D models using augmented reality. null 3d,mapping,visualization, ARSights is a Web-based tool for visualizing Google Earth 3D models using augmented reality.
Upload your GPS tracks stored in GPX format, and see your tracks and your friends tracks in satellite view. null gps,GPX,hiking,mapping, Upload your GPS tracks stored in GPX format, and see your tracks and your friends tracks in satellite view.
Image galleries built around currently trending phrases on Twitter using Flickr photo search. null blog,deadpool,photo,social, Image galleries built around currently trending phrases on Twitter using Flickr photo search.
This is site is a simple mapping tool that displays California State Parks, Fishing Spots, and Boating Facilities. The information was obtained from Data.ca.gov  null appsforcalifornians,boating,california,fishing,mapping,travel, This is site is a simple mapping tool that displays California State Parks, Fishing Spots, and Boating Facilities. The information was obtained from Data.ca.gov 
Little Corner is a website that is used to pull your entire web presence into one place. It runs on Ruby on Rails, doesn&#039;t use a database, and is Heroku-ready. null internet,social,website, Little Corner is a website that is used to pull your entire web presence into one place. It runs on Ruby on Rails, doesn&#039;t use a database, and is Heroku-ready.
Geograph British Isles aims to collect geographically representative photographs and information for every square kilometer of Great Britain and Ireland. This map allows exploration of the complete archive of 1.5M photos just by zooming!  null geocoding,geography,mapping,uk, Geograph British Isles aims to collect geographically representative photographs and information for every square kilometer of Great Britain and Ireland. This map allows exploration of the complete archive of 1.5M photos just by zooming! 
Travel advisories in the UK on a Google Map (with BBC Backstage data). null mapping,travel,uk, Travel advisories in the UK on a Google Map (with BBC Backstage data).
Automatic creation of Spotify playlists based on music broadcast on BBC Radio 1, Radio 2 and BBC 6 Music. Each individual show is converted into a playlist each day, as well as playlists updated nightly with the latest show and last 100 tracks played on a brand. null bbc,metadata,musicbrainz,playlist,spotify,uk, Automatic creation of Spotify playlists based on music broadcast on BBC Radio 1, Radio 2 and BBC 6 Music. Each individual show is converted into a playlist each day, as well as playlists updated nightly with the latest show and last 100 tracks played on a brand.
S3 file share sharing work off the amazon s3 web service platform, allows you to share large files upload pictures share with family friends work colleges give users bucket access, backup websites filter images and lots more. null file-sharing,social, S3 file share sharing work off the amazon s3 web service platform, allows you to share large files upload pictures share with family friends work colleges give users bucket access, backup websites filter images and lots more.
We combine the API&#039;s from Facebook, Twitter, Bebo, Flickr, Google Buzz and MySpace to leverage the power of social networking to reunite lost Irish pets with their owners in Ireland. null cat,found,ireland,irish,lost,pets, We combine the API&#039;s from Facebook, Twitter, Bebo, Flickr, Google Buzz and MySpace to leverage the power of social networking to reunite lost Irish pets with their owners in Ireland.
Search engine for Norwegian Twitter users. null ajax,facebook,norway,search,social,Twitter, Search engine for Norwegian Twitter users.
Togfrog is videos with maps covering a wide selection of adventure travel activities that can inspire and guide travelers going on adventures all over the world. null adventure,fun,maps,sports,travel,video, Togfrog is videos with maps covering a wide selection of adventure travel activities that can inspire and guide travelers going on adventures all over the world.
Book recommendation site - takes the ISBN number from a book a user has previously enjoyed and queries Amazon&#039;s API to return a selection of other books that are similar based on category and that the user may also enjoy. null books,reading,recommendations, Book recommendation site - takes the ISBN number from a book a user has previously enjoyed and queries Amazon&#039;s API to return a selection of other books that are similar based on category and that the user may also enjoy.
A mashup based on the Sick Bay Scanner from the original Star Trek.  It uses the Yahoo YUI API to capture a stock price and a handful of stock ratios which it applies to the scanner. null finance,search,stocks, A mashup based on the Sick Bay Scanner from the original Star Trek.  It uses the Yahoo YUI API to capture a stock price and a handful of stock ratios which it applies to the scanner.
RDFaCE (RDFa Content Editor) is a mashup that brings together different semantic web API&#039;s to facilitate semantic content authoring. null NLP,RDFa,semantic,TextAnalysis, RDFaCE (RDFa Content Editor) is a mashup that brings together different semantic web API&#039;s to facilitate semantic content authoring.
Get a small counter image from your Google Analytics stats. null analytics,charts,deadpool, Get a small counter image from your Google Analytics stats.
A map and search tool for finding churches and ministries in Illinois and Iowa. null deadpool,mapping,religion, A map and search tool for finding churches and ministries in Illinois and Iowa.
Online passport and visa photo service that provides guaranteed government compliance based on sophisticated biometrics. null biometrics,identity,passport,photo,travel, Online passport and visa photo service that provides guaranteed government compliance based on sophisticated biometrics.
2012twit.com is a Twitter dashboard for the 2012 presidential election. The site uses the Twitter API to collect tweets by President Obama, 32 other potential GOP candidates and all other tweets that mention them. null reference,search,social, 2012twit.com is a Twitter dashboard for the 2012 presidential election. The site uses the Twitter API to collect tweets by President Obama, 32 other potential GOP candidates and all other tweets that mention them.
Cut and paste TrackBack service for blogs and web-pages. TrackBacks are cool, TrackBack spam isn not. TrackBackr finds trackback entries, filters out blog spam and can be added to your blog or web page in less then five minutes. null blog,search,spam, Cut and paste TrackBack service for blogs and web-pages. TrackBacks are cool, TrackBack spam isn not. TrackBackr finds trackback entries, filters out blog spam and can be added to your blog or web page in less then five minutes.
Google maps mashup that allows users to watch and listen to YouTube and Google videos of world national anthems. null anthems,deadpool,mapping,video, Google maps mashup that allows users to watch and listen to YouTube and Google videos of world national anthems.
Google Map of Hindu temples. Use the state by state index at the bottom of the page to navigate. null deadpool,mapping,religion, Google Map of Hindu temples. Use the state by state index at the bottom of the page to navigate.
Add, or just read, your daily horoscope, zodiac bio or chinese zodiac bio to your Blog, MySpace or Web Page. null horoscope, Add, or just read, your daily horoscope, zodiac bio or chinese zodiac bio to your Blog, MySpace or Web Page.
See users&#039; public, geotagged albums on a map. You can go back and forth between albums in chronological order using the controls below the map. null mapping,photo, See users&#039; public, geotagged albums on a map. You can go back and forth between albums in chronological order using the controls below the map.
Created to help solve the &#039;late night&#039; and traveler problems, this service helps you find a cab in whatever situation you&#039;re in. Just dial the number and you&#039;re instantly in touch with every cab company in the city! null local,taxi,transportation, Created to help solve the &#039;late night&#039; and traveler problems, this service helps you find a cab in whatever situation you&#039;re in. Just dial the number and you&#039;re instantly in touch with every cab company in the city!
Hybrid Mail certainly isna??t new a?? although many existing services serve only the business-to-business market. Elementary Mail is bringing a fresh introduction to this already popular concept, with a consumer-geared service for the everyday person. null mail,search,shopping, Hybrid Mail certainly isna??t new a?? although many existing services serve only the business-to-business market. Elementary Mail is bringing a fresh introduction to this already popular concept, with a consumer-geared service for the everyday person.
Hittery.com lets people create a custom search dashboard. Users can create a personal searchpage by adding, removing, dragging and dropping 100 available searchboxes. Hittery.com was created using Google COOP. null deadpool,search, Hittery.com lets people create a custom search dashboard. Users can create a personal searchpage by adding, removing, dragging and dropping 100 available searchboxes. Hittery.com was created using Google COOP.
This is a set of real estate tools for buyers, sellers and real estate agents. All tools integrate maps with relevant information: schools nearby, city information, street views, and other details. null home,mapping,realestate,reference,tools, This is a set of real estate tools for buyers, sellers and real estate agents. All tools integrate maps with relevant information: schools nearby, city information, street views, and other details.
A mashup service designed to increase AdSense revenues.  Alternate URL Ads replaces non-paying PSAs with paying contextual geo-targetted ads. null ads,deadpool,search,shopping, A mashup service designed to increase AdSense revenues.  Alternate URL Ads replaces non-paying PSAs with paying contextual geo-targetted ads.
Create personalized business documents like invoices, labels, orders & more using data from Shopify. Bulk-print hundreds of documents within minutes. Use wide range of design components a?? barcodes, QR codes, images, tables & more. null html,invoices,labels,pdf,print,shopify, Create personalized business documents like invoices, labels, orders & more using data from Shopify. Bulk-print hundreds of documents within minutes. Use wide range of design components a?? barcodes, QR codes, images, tables & more.
Mapping your twitter location. You can embed it in your blog or website with following code (replace id at the end of the url with your twitter id) iframe code available at http://www.mibazaar.com/2009/08/twitter-status-map-updated.html null deadpool,mapping,microblogging,social, Mapping your twitter location. You can embed it in your blog or website with following code (replace id at the end of the url with your twitter id) iframe code available at http://www.mibazaar.com/2009/08/twitter-status-map-updated.html
Job Link Directory. Does Google give you headaches? Too much non related information? This mashup gives you job sites by region. null directory,jobs,mapping,recruiting, Job Link Directory. Does Google give you headaches? Too much non related information? This mashup gives you job sites by region.
A map generator that highlights individual countries. A color picker allows you to select colors for countries.  Built using the Google Chart API. null charts,geography,mapping,tools,travel,utility, A map generator that highlights individual countries. A color picker allows you to select colors for countries.  Built using the Google Chart API.
The HIV/AIDS Prevention & Service Provider Locator is a first-of-its-kind, location-based search tool that allows you to search for testing services, housing providers, health centers and other service providers near your current location. null government,health,mapping, The HIV/AIDS Prevention & Service Provider Locator is a first-of-its-kind, location-based search tool that allows you to search for testing services, housing providers, health centers and other service providers near your current location.
Uses the Instagram API to put photos head to head to determine the best pics. Use all public photos, or drill down by user and determine a friend&#039;s best photo. null deadpool,fun,games,photo,social, Uses the Instagram API to put photos head to head to determine the best pics. Use all public photos, or drill down by user and determine a friend&#039;s best photo.
Firefox add-on. Quickly look people up by highlighting their full name on a page and then right-clicking to search for them across Google, LinkedIn, Wikipedia, Facebook and more. null people,search, Firefox add-on. Quickly look people up by highlighting their full name on a page and then right-clicking to search for them across Google, LinkedIn, Wikipedia, Facebook and more.
WordPress plugin that displays classroom projects that need funding on DonorsChoose. The plugin uses the content of your post to attempt to find related classroom projects. null charity,education, WordPress plugin that displays classroom projects that need funding on DonorsChoose. The plugin uses the content of your post to attempt to find related classroom projects.
HealtheHelpZone.com features online health resources including health news, health guide, doctor and hospital finder and more. null aggregate,health,tools, HealtheHelpZone.com features online health resources including health news, health guide, doctor and hospital finder and more.
A product store to get bargains on books. null bargains,books,deadpool,shopping, A product store to get bargains on books.
18,000 Starbucks from around the world, on a clustered map. Can filter by store type. null cloud,coffee,flash,food,mapping,starbucks, 18,000 Starbucks from around the world, on a clustered map. Can filter by store type.
Post Twitter updates and retrieve your Twitter timeline via your cell phone or other e-mail enabled mobile device, without incurring SMS fees. null chat,deadpool,email,messaging,sms,social, Post Twitter updates and retrieve your Twitter timeline via your cell phone or other e-mail enabled mobile device, without incurring SMS fees.
Get the lyrics to your favorite song with EZLyrics. This app delivers all your favorite lyrics. Search your collection or the web for lyrics to all the hot new songs. null lyrics,music, Get the lyrics to your favorite song with EZLyrics. This app delivers all your favorite lyrics. Search your collection or the web for lyrics to all the hot new songs.
Discover new music every day with Ivy FM. It plays great songs continuously in each genre from the best artists in the world. Select your channel, listen great music, share it and enjoy. null music,streaming, Discover new music every day with Ivy FM. It plays great songs continuously in each genre from the best artists in the world. Select your channel, listen great music, share it and enjoy.
Zen-SMS is a customized Zendesk integration that automatically sends SMS notifications to your customers when you close a ticket. The customer telephone number (and other details) are pulled from custom fields in the ticket to compose the SMS message. An email confirmation is sent to you, confirming the SMS message that was delivered. null deadpool,messaging,mobile,reference,telephony, Zen-SMS is a customized Zendesk integration that automatically sends SMS notifications to your customers when you close a ticket. The customer telephone number (and other details) are pulled from custom fields in the ticket to compose the SMS message. An email confirmation is sent to you, confirming the SMS message that was delivered.
Slideshow of most interesting and recent photos from flickr using the Lightbox Ajax tools. null ajax,photo, Slideshow of most interesting and recent photos from flickr using the Lightbox Ajax tools.
Yimmiy searches the web simultaneously for various kinds of content (web, video, photos, new and blogs) from various providers (Yahoo, Live, LiveVideo, YouTube, Picasa, Google, Flickr etc), showing all in one list and using colors for the contenttypes. null blogs,deadpool,news,photo,search,video, Yimmiy searches the web simultaneously for various kinds of content (web, video, photos, new and blogs) from various providers (Yahoo, Live, LiveVideo, YouTube, Picasa, Google, Flickr etc), showing all in one list and using colors for the contenttypes.
An online portal to over 15,000 public parks and natural areas in California, from neighborhood parks to wilderness areas. Has links to agencies, transit/driving, and 3D views in Google Earth and Bing. null california,green,mapping,parks,sports, An online portal to over 15,000 public parks and natural areas in California, from neighborhood parks to wilderness areas. Has links to agencies, transit/driving, and 3D views in Google Earth and Bing.
Wherevent is a geolocation events search engine. Click on the &quot;Login&quot; button to connect to Wherevent with your facebook account. Find upcoming events and discover who is atttending. Enjoy the best events and share it with your friends. g null events,mapping,reference,search,social, Wherevent is a geolocation events search engine. Click on the &quot;Login&quot; button to connect to Wherevent with your facebook account. Find upcoming events and discover who is atttending. Enjoy the best events and share it with your friends. g
Got Free Shipping allows you to browse and search eBay and Amazon for items with free shipping only. null free,shipping,shopping, Got Free Shipping allows you to browse and search eBay and Amazon for items with free shipping only.
CryoFinders lets you track flight status, flight departures, flight arrivals, airport delays and other flight and airport information in real time. null aircraft,deadpool,flight,mapping,travel, CryoFinders lets you track flight status, flight departures, flight arrivals, airport delays and other flight and airport information in real time.
GoMojo is a music community and search tool. Web site artist search: SNOCAP stores, eBay auctions, YouTube videos, syndicated news. Links to shops, blogs, Flickr, Live365 radio.  Desktop app: photo tagger/uploader for Flickr, compact Amazon browser. null events,music,news,photo,shopping,social, GoMojo is a music community and search tool. Web site artist search: SNOCAP stores, eBay auctions, YouTube videos, syndicated news. Links to shops, blogs, Flickr, Live365 radio.  Desktop app: photo tagger/uploader for Flickr, compact Amazon browser.
This application gets a list of restaurants in western Washington state from the Passport Discount site and shows them on a Google Map with the latest Yelp Reviews. null food,reviews,seattle,shopping, This application gets a list of restaurants in western Washington state from the Passport Discount site and shows them on a Google Map with the latest Yelp Reviews.
Tripmondo is a travel information browser for trip destinations across the globe. It features videos, photos, guides and attractions, weather information and events for nearly all countries and many cities world wide. Tripmondo is based on CMSmadesimple. null mapping,photo,reference,travel,video,weather, Tripmondo is a travel information browser for trip destinations across the globe. It features videos, photos, guides and attractions, weather information and events for nearly all countries and many cities world wide. Tripmondo is based on CMSmadesimple.
Notify member agents of new customers that are seeking real estate agents in their area. Full buyer/seller details are provided over the phone for deciding whether to work with the prospect.  null notifications,realestate,sales,Voice, Notify member agents of new customers that are seeking real estate agents in their area. Full buyer/seller details are provided over the phone for deciding whether to work with the prospect. 
QuickyWiki blends the depth of Wikipedia with the ease and speed of Cliffs Notes. QuickyWiki extracts focused bits and pieces of lengthy Wikipedia articles. null deadpool,reference,wiki, QuickyWiki blends the depth of Wikipedia with the ease and speed of Cliffs Notes. QuickyWiki extracts focused bits and pieces of lengthy Wikipedia articles.
Will Warlock Charlie Sheen defeat Ashton Kutcher on Twitter? null deadpool,fun,social, Will Warlock Charlie Sheen defeat Ashton Kutcher on Twitter?
Blizzalert makes it so you never a miss a great day on the mountain.  You select which ski areas you want to watch and Blizzalert will send text message alerts when storms are coming through. null messaging,mobile,telephony,travel, Blizzalert makes it so you never a miss a great day on the mountain.  You select which ski areas you want to watch and Blizzalert will send text message alerts when storms are coming through.
A sortable, filterable, editable list of the best high schools in America, driven by the Factual Web Apps API. null education,news, A sortable, filterable, editable list of the best high schools in America, driven by the Factual Web Apps API.
Acid is an enhanced Yahoo Local Services processor. It is an interactive way to gather services data in the U.S. null deadpool,local,mapping, Acid is an enhanced Yahoo Local Services processor. It is an interactive way to gather services data in the U.S.
Golf Tournament Event Engine, Golf Connections & Game improvement null golf,reviews,social,sports, Golf Tournament Event Engine, Golf Connections & Game improvement
Project management application that integrates with Google Tasks.  Manage tasks, projects, files, time, expenses, invoices and online payments inside your custom branded app. null reference,social,widgets, Project management application that integrates with Google Tasks.  Manage tasks, projects, files, time, expenses, invoices and online payments inside your custom branded app.
This mashup shows Yahoo Live channels on a Yahoo Map. It is easier to visualize and remember the channels you were last time.  It uses Yahoo! Live, Yahoo! Maps and Yahoo! Pipes API. null mapping,pipes,video, This mashup shows Yahoo Live channels on a Yahoo Map. It is easier to visualize and remember the channels you were last time.  It uses Yahoo! Live, Yahoo! Maps and Yahoo! Pipes API.
Providing the ability for the Outdoor Community to journal, map, and share their outdoor activities with one another. Journal Entries are organized by most popular, most recent, activity, and are full text searchable. GPX and KML support are provided. null camping,deadpool,mapping,sports, Providing the ability for the Outdoor Community to journal, map, and share their outdoor activities with one another. Journal Entries are organized by most popular, most recent, activity, and are full text searchable. GPX and KML support are provided.
A Facebook Instant Messenger app for talking with your Facebook friends from your desktop rather than having to use your browser. null chat,im,messenger,tools, A Facebook Instant Messenger app for talking with your Facebook friends from your desktop rather than having to use your browser.
Data Mining 101: Finding Subversives with Amazon Wishlists, demonstrates how your wishlists might be used by government agencies to profile you based on the books you read. By Tom Owad. null mapping,retail,security, Data Mining 101: Finding Subversives with Amazon Wishlists, demonstrates how your wishlists might be used by government agencies to profile you based on the books you read. By Tom Owad.
The app allows users to search for rental apartments and houses right on Facebook. A combination of Google Map and Facebook API mashup allows users to search for rentals, share postings with friends, message them or simply chat to ask for opinion. null mapping,realestate,search,social, The app allows users to search for rental apartments and houses right on Facebook. A combination of Google Map and Facebook API mashup allows users to search for rentals, share postings with friends, message them or simply chat to ask for opinion.
Environmental information in your iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad  iEnviroWatch allows to visualize and query environmental information at your location or geographical area of your interest.  *Basic Features: - Environmental information services published by the European Environment Agency - Base maps provided by ESRI, the worldwide leader in - GIS - Street Map - Satellite Imagery - Topographic Map - GPS capability - Intuitive user interface  null environment,green,iPhone, Environmental information in your iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad  iEnviroWatch allows to visualize and query environmental information at your location or geographical area of your interest.  *Basic Features: - Environmental information services published by the European Environment Agency - Base maps provided by ESRI, the worldwide leader in - GIS - Street Map - Satellite Imagery - Topographic Map - GPS capability - Intuitive user interface 
Fanbible is a live music event guide that works on android, iPhone, iPad and desktop browsers. The application automatically detects a user&#039;s location and presents them with relevant information about live music events in their specific area, as well as links to more information about the shows and how to purchase tickets.  null events,fan,fanbible,location,music,Your, Fanbible is a live music event guide that works on android, iPhone, iPad and desktop browsers. The application automatically detects a user&#039;s location and presents them with relevant information about live music events in their specific area, as well as links to more information about the shows and how to purchase tickets. 
Road bike endurance rides in California. Centuries, super centuries, double centuries, and more. New, GPS satellite data. null blog,california,cycling,deadpool,mapping,sports, Road bike endurance rides in California. Centuries, super centuries, double centuries, and more. New, GPS satellite data.
This tool calculates the total value of items in your Etsy shop, and presents a few other statistics too. null shopping,statistics,tools, This tool calculates the total value of items in your Etsy shop, and presents a few other statistics too.
matchFWDa??s social recruiting platform connects hiring managers with talented people through mutual Facebook and LinkedIn contacts. Users help friends grow their business and find better career opportunities, while building their online reputation and earn referral bonuses. null jobs,recruiting,search,software, matchFWDa??s social recruiting platform connects hiring managers with talented people through mutual Facebook and LinkedIn contacts. Users help friends grow their business and find better career opportunities, while building their online reputation and earn referral bonuses.
Calculates slope angle and aspect from USGS and Google elevation api&#039;s. This information is used by backcountry skiers, split boarders, and snow mobile riders for avalanche safety.  null avalanche,safety,skiing, Calculates slope angle and aspect from USGS and Google elevation api&#039;s. This information is used by backcountry skiers, split boarders, and snow mobile riders for avalanche safety. 
A BBC News Data visualization demo using PHP + HTML5 + CSS3 + jQuery. null bbc,css3,jquery,news,visualization, A BBC News Data visualization demo using PHP + HTML5 + CSS3 + jQuery.
24-hour news headlines presented in an interactive world map. Use News Flash mashup to get breaking news, current events, latest headlines, and top stories in more than 200 countries.  News Flash is available in: Arabic, English, French, and Spanish.  null CNN,facebook,flash,mapping,news, 24-hour news headlines presented in an interactive world map. Use News Flash mashup to get breaking news, current events, latest headlines, and top stories in more than 200 countries.  News Flash is available in: Arabic, English, French, and Spanish. 
This widget compares and visualizes two stocks over a timeperiod. The stocks and the timeperiod can be changed. The widget uses data from Google Finance. null finance,stocks,widgets, This widget compares and visualizes two stocks over a timeperiod. The stocks and the timeperiod can be changed. The widget uses data from Google Finance.
Search the latest news, videos, and photos. null news,photo,search,video, Search the latest news, videos, and photos.
Mines the NPR news archives and publishes the backstory on Google trending topics to a Twitter Feed. Unique and compelling way to learn about hot trends in the news. null microblogging,news,NPR,rss,Twitter, Mines the NPR news archives and publishes the backstory on Google trending topics to a Twitter Feed. Unique and compelling way to learn about hot trends in the news.
The Xtended Chumby Widget allows you to use your Chumby to view your call history, click to return missed, placed or received calls, and to set Do Not Disturb using the Xtended Services Interface. null chumby,hardware,telephony,Voice,widgets, The Xtended Chumby Widget allows you to use your Chumby to view your call history, click to return missed, placed or received calls, and to set Do Not Disturb using the Xtended Services Interface.
Use this service to obtain top stories from Moreover on your cell phone: SMS, email, WAP. null deadpool,messaging,news, Use this service to obtain top stories from Moreover on your cell phone: SMS, email, WAP.
Because the Web is full of poorly written articles, The Article Checker will check an article along four dimensions and grade its value.  The highest graded articles get a permanent backlink from this page so rank up! null articles,fun,internet,ratings,tools, Because the Web is full of poorly written articles, The Article Checker will check an article along four dimensions and grade its value.  The highest graded articles get a permanent backlink from this page so rank up!
Web app that finds places of interest near your location. null mapping,places,search, Web app that finds places of interest near your location.
A casual virtual world based on real travel, mashing maps, picture and social data. null deadpool,mapping,photo,travel,virtual, A casual virtual world based on real travel, mashing maps, picture and social data.
AllJobs.biz is a job search aggregator which lists latest job vacancies from a multitude of industries.  null geocoding,jobsearch, AllJobs.biz is a job search aggregator which lists latest job vacancies from a multitude of industries. 
A better way to buy and sell on the Internet. Shows video of items for sale. null classifieds,social,video, A better way to buy and sell on the Internet. Shows video of items for sale.
Ohsopopular is a service to see how popular a URL is on the web. Checks several services like Google Pangerank, Alexa Rank, Compete, Delicious, etc. and assigns a number rank.  null bookmarks,internet, Ohsopopular is a service to see how popular a URL is on the web. Checks several services like Google Pangerank, Alexa Rank, Compete, Delicious, etc. and assigns a number rank. 
An iPhone app that mashes up a variety of different data for Congress including videos, twitter feeds, office maps, click to call, find legislator by GPS, recent votes, websites and committees. null deadpool,government,iPhone,law, An iPhone app that mashes up a variety of different data for Congress including videos, twitter feeds, office maps, click to call, find legislator by GPS, recent votes, websites and committees.
OMM provides a fast and safe solution for migrating objects and entities between Oracle E-Business Suite instances. Built for Serena Mashup Exchange. null deadpool,enterprise,oracle, OMM provides a fast and safe solution for migrating objects and entities between Oracle E-Business Suite instances. Built for Serena Mashup Exchange.
The SongDNA iPhone app aims to be *the* source for song information. It collects data on any song from over 10 sources on the internet: the lyrics, the video&#039;s, the bio, the highest rank in the charts, gigs, tweets, you name it, SongDNA shows it! null iPhone,lyrics,mobile,music,social,song, The SongDNA iPhone app aims to be *the* source for song information. It collects data on any song from over 10 sources on the internet: the lyrics, the video&#039;s, the bio, the highest rank in the charts, gigs, tweets, you name it, SongDNA shows it!
wordonthewire serves up the latest results from a range of trending platforms based on a users single search query. It is intended mainly as a tool to get a quick, latest &quot;scoop&quot; on a topic, and be able to easily share the results. It picks up on your browsing language of choice, and serves up the results in that language, making it really universal (without having to have a unique URL for each language).It focuses on doing all of this one page, and has a responsive layout. null fun,images,search,social,tools, wordonthewire serves up the latest results from a range of trending platforms based on a users single search query. It is intended mainly as a tool to get a quick, latest &quot;scoop&quot; on a topic, and be able to easily share the results. It picks up on your browsing language of choice, and serves up the results in that language, making it really universal (without having to have a unique URL for each language).It focuses on doing all of this one page, and has a responsive layout.
TextFlow works with Box.net&#039;s version history to provide advanced version comparison of all file changes from you and your collaborators.  null storage, TextFlow works with Box.net&#039;s version history to provide advanced version comparison of all file changes from you and your collaborators. 
Find and compare cover versions of songs on Spotify, and compare Last.FM playcounts null covers,music,quot;cover,songs,songsquot;,spotify, Find and compare cover versions of songs on Spotify, and compare Last.FM playcounts
Virtual destination guide that allows user customization, gps data upload, tagging, and searching. null deadpool,gps,mapping,travel, Virtual destination guide that allows user customization, gps data upload, tagging, and searching.
The MailChimp Wordpress plugin allows you to add your MailChimp email signup form as a widget on your Wordpress blog. null blog,email,widgets, The MailChimp Wordpress plugin allows you to add your MailChimp email signup form as a widget on your Wordpress blog.
A client to search Chart Lyrics API. Translate the lyrics using the Google Translate Service. The client is implemented with JavaFX, so you can run it in any supported OS (Windows, Linux, MacOS).  null deadpool,lyrics,search, A client to search Chart Lyrics API. Translate the lyrics using the Google Translate Service. The client is implemented with JavaFX, so you can run it in any supported OS (Windows, Linux, MacOS). 
Dynamic tribute to Kurt Cobain, showing Nirvana live concerts on a Google map by year. Search for videos directly by keywords. null mapping,music,nirvana,video, Dynamic tribute to Kurt Cobain, showing Nirvana live concerts on a Google map by year. Search for videos directly by keywords.
Allows instant visualization of 50 products by price, features and popularity. null deadpool,shopping,visualization, Allows instant visualization of 50 products by price, features and popularity.
Maps out the UK rail stations providing FastTicket locations, TIPLOCS, STANNOXs and many other related details. null deadpool,mapping,travel,uk, Maps out the UK rail stations providing FastTicket locations, TIPLOCS, STANNOXs and many other related details.
Rich mashup that brings back the good old days of music album liner notes, bio, and other background for what you listen to. Builds on last.fm, Flickr, Amazon, MusicBrainz, and Wikipedia. null deadpool, Rich mashup that brings back the good old days of music album liner notes, bio, and other background for what you listen to. Builds on last.fm, Flickr, Amazon, MusicBrainz, and Wikipedia.
A service that apartment management can put in place to single or mass alert their community of any maintenance repairs, criminal activity, or community events via text message or Twitter. null apartments,deadpool,messaging,realestate,Twitter, A service that apartment management can put in place to single or mass alert their community of any maintenance repairs, criminal activity, or community events via text message or Twitter.
Puts eBay searches on a MSN Virtual Earth Map. It will try to locate your zip automatically. It works in the USA, UK, France and Germany. null auction,deadpool,mapping, Puts eBay searches on a MSN Virtual Earth Map. It will try to locate your zip automatically. It works in the USA, UK, France and Germany.
This site updates itself with the latest show info from MySpace. It finds the best fit, location wise, for each show that it discovers, and also maps it. View shows by location, date, band, or venue. null bands,deadpool,events,mapping,music, This site updates itself with the latest show info from MySpace. It finds the best fit, location wise, for each show that it discovers, and also maps it. View shows by location, date, band, or venue.
This mashup allows Box.net users to share files from within their Box accounts using Twitter. null boxnet,sharing,Twitter, This mashup allows Box.net users to share files from within their Box accounts using Twitter.
Get hurricane and tropical storm updates as RSS feeds. Uses NOAA data and Yahoo search for storm-specific news. Built with Yahoo Pipes. null hurricane,noaa,pipes,storm,tropical,weather, Get hurricane and tropical storm updates as RSS feeds. Uses NOAA data and Yahoo search for storm-specific news. Built with Yahoo Pipes.
FeedFlinger is a prototype nothing-but-net RSS explorer, using the Feedburner sweet new JSON return for source material, two flavors of Yahoo Search for search and term extraction, and del.icio.us for storing and sharing. null blogs,bookmarks,deadpool,news,rss, FeedFlinger is a prototype nothing-but-net RSS explorer, using the Feedburner sweet new JSON return for source material, two flavors of Yahoo Search for search and term extraction, and del.icio.us for storing and sharing.
Track news coverage about anything and view trends on a chart. Combines the Daylife and Trendrr APIs. null charts,news,trends, Track news coverage about anything and view trends on a chart. Combines the Daylife and Trendrr APIs.
This is a Google Maps app that displays GeoRSS files. It implements two different varieties of GeoRSS, plus all of Yahoo!&#039;s enhancements to GeoRSS including address geocoding and a couple of things from basic RSS that Yahoo! missed.  null mapping,rss, This is a Google Maps app that displays GeoRSS files. It implements two different varieties of GeoRSS, plus all of Yahoo!&#039;s enhancements to GeoRSS including address geocoding and a couple of things from basic RSS that Yahoo! missed. 
A Google Maps, Foursquare and Twitter search API mashup that allows lovers of Toronto to tweet their favorite location or thing to do in Toronto. The application captures real time tweets or tweets that include references to a database of &quot;Toronto-centric&quot; locales. Real-time foursquare checkins are used to map where hotspots are at any given time. null deadpool,mapping,reference,social,visualization, A Google Maps, Foursquare and Twitter search API mashup that allows lovers of Toronto to tweet their favorite location or thing to do in Toronto. The application captures real time tweets or tweets that include references to a database of &quot;Toronto-centric&quot; locales. Real-time foursquare checkins are used to map where hotspots are at any given time.
Moveboxer is the best way to find a reputable mover and instantly get a quote for your move. Moveboxer combines Yelp ratings and reviews with a price estimate so users have more information along the way and can select the movers of their choice to get in touch with them. null moving,recommendations,reviews,search, Moveboxer is the best way to find a reputable mover and instantly get a quote for your move. Moveboxer combines Yelp ratings and reviews with a price estimate so users have more information along the way and can select the movers of their choice to get in touch with them.
Make wishlists, bookshelves, give books, network with others or start a book group with Bookspy&#039;s social book community. Search for the lowest price on books and set price alerts. null reference,search,shopping,social, Make wishlists, bookshelves, give books, network with others or start a book group with Bookspy&#039;s social book community. Search for the lowest price on books and set price alerts.
A browser for the Web of the past. Go back in time and rediscover how sites looked years ago. See how fast information evolves in wikis. Uses BOSS, archive.org (URL patterns as an API), and the MediaWiki API. null archiveorg,history,mediawiki,search, A browser for the Web of the past. Go back in time and rediscover how sites looked years ago. See how fast information evolves in wikis. Uses BOSS, archive.org (URL patterns as an API), and the MediaWiki API.
A mobile based navigation tool that finds nearby New York Public Libraries in NYC.  null books,iPhone,library,mobile,nyc, A mobile based navigation tool that finds nearby New York Public Libraries in NYC. 
Generates a profile image for your unique Facebook ID. Can be posted to the Wall and Profile page. Shows how all your friends look like as Retro Avatar. null fun,social, Generates a profile image for your unique Facebook ID. Can be posted to the Wall and Profile page. Shows how all your friends look like as Retro Avatar.
With InstaShirt you can have your Instagram photos printed on a shirt quickly and easily. Choose from multiple shirt designs and customized text. Add multiple photos to one design. null fun,mobile,photo,social, With InstaShirt you can have your Instagram photos printed on a shirt quickly and easily. Choose from multiple shirt designs and customized text. Add multiple photos to one design.
Netflix Movies - faceted search null apihackdaypdx,movies,reviews, Netflix Movies - faceted search
Interactive map that allows what areas would be flooded or at risk due to sea level rises that may be related to Global Warming.  Users can enter their own estimate and see which cities are flooded. null change,climate,flood,Global,map,warming, Interactive map that allows what areas would be flooded or at risk due to sea level rises that may be related to Global Warming.  Users can enter their own estimate and see which cities are flooded.
Enter a date and choose a number, and this page will show you that number of Flickr photos from that day. null deadpool,photo,search, Enter a date and choose a number, and this page will show you that number of Flickr photos from that day.
Order food online from over 30,000 menus. Place your order and Order Anywhere calls the restaurant for you.  Your order&#039;s status is updated in real-time. null food,reference, Order food online from over 30,000 menus. Place your order and Order Anywhere calls the restaurant for you.  Your order&#039;s status is updated in real-time.
Wishlist searching with instant AJAX interface. Add to Google personal homepage or any other web page with allowed Javascript. null deadpool,search,shopping,wishlist, Wishlist searching with instant AJAX interface. Add to Google personal homepage or any other web page with allowed Javascript.
Get the source code of Last.fm for mobile on top of fring and see how easy it is to build additional mobile apps, integrating community and streaming music. Written in PHP. null code,mobile,music,php,social,source, Get the source code of Last.fm for mobile on top of fring and see how easy it is to build additional mobile apps, integrating community and streaming music. Written in PHP.
Healthia maps mashup for comparing hospital prices and different medical procedures. Displays hospitals and their charges. null deadpool,mapping,medical, Healthia maps mashup for comparing hospital prices and different medical procedures. Displays hospitals and their charges.
This is a mashup of craigslist and Google Maps. People can sell, rent, find houses or find roommates. Instead of entering a zip code, you actually fly there, and focus on the area you want to live in from a birds eye view.. null craigslist,mapping,realestate, This is a mashup of craigslist and Google Maps. People can sell, rent, find houses or find roommates. Instead of entering a zip code, you actually fly there, and focus on the area you want to live in from a birds eye view..
NCAA Mens Basketball Championship on Google Maps. Includes locations of Winners, Losers, Venue.  History of the Championship games from 1939-Present. Many ways to search and sort including  year, highest or lowest Score, nail biters, and  widest margin. null mapping,sports, NCAA Mens Basketball Championship on Google Maps. Includes locations of Winners, Losers, Venue.  History of the Championship games from 1939-Present. Many ways to search and sort including  year, highest or lowest Score, nail biters, and  widest margin.
Mashes names to create names like &quot;Bennifer&quot; or &quot;Brangelina&quot;. Built on the Baby Names API. null babies,celebrity,deadpool,fun,games,names, Mashes names to create names like &quot;Bennifer&quot; or &quot;Brangelina&quot;. Built on the Baby Names API.
ZabboWabbo gleans from more than 10 sources for your search to potentially provide broader and more useful results. null deadpool,search, ZabboWabbo gleans from more than 10 sources for your search to potentially provide broader and more useful results.
Parses #haiku on Twitter and matches the lines with photos from Flickr. null art,haiku,microblogging,photo,poems,visualization, Parses #haiku on Twitter and matches the lines with photos from Flickr.
411Sync users can configure their calendar settings so that they can access their upcoming events from their mobile phone. 411Sync helps access Google, 30Boxes and Upcoming.org calendars using SMS, WAP, Email, IM and Toolbar null calendar,events,messaging,mobile, 411Sync users can configure their calendar settings so that they can access their upcoming events from their mobile phone. 411Sync helps access Google, 30Boxes and Upcoming.org calendars using SMS, WAP, Email, IM and Toolbar
View all your MySpace friends photos on a WAP capable phone. Enter your ID or your friends ID to see the photos. Click on photos to see friends friends. null messaging,mobile,MySpace,photo,search, View all your MySpace friends photos on a WAP capable phone. Enter your ID or your friends ID to see the photos. Click on photos to see friends friends.
Toronto Buddhism locations. Also, view images, read news, and watch videos related to Buddhism. null mapping,photo,religion,Toronto,video, Toronto Buddhism locations. Also, view images, read news, and watch videos related to Buddhism.
Share a Flickr photostream via phone call. Share each other&#039;s photos and public Flickr photos as well. null mobile,photo,social,telephony, Share a Flickr photostream via phone call. Share each other&#039;s photos and public Flickr photos as well.
Pinbooks is a search engine and community for books with google maps mash-up, deep integration into facebook, and amazon partner program; users can search books and &quot;pin&quot; books according to location, time and/or genre of the story; users can build friendships within the pinbooks community and they can share their actions on pinbooks with their facebook friends null books,mapping,search,social, Pinbooks is a search engine and community for books with google maps mash-up, deep integration into facebook, and amazon partner program; users can search books and &quot;pin&quot; books according to location, time and/or genre of the story; users can build friendships within the pinbooks community and they can share their actions on pinbooks with their facebook friends
usend.io lets you send files to an email address online. null deadpool,email,shipping, usend.io lets you send files to an email address online.
&quot;Check in&quot; to your favorite board games. Uses Facebook for identity, Freebase for the database of board games and Google App Engine to provide the platform. null deadpool,games,social, &quot;Check in&quot; to your favorite board games. Uses Facebook for identity, Freebase for the database of board games and Google App Engine to provide the platform.
Easily add relevant photos to your blog posts without leaving Wordpress. Turn on the affiliate option to start earning money from links on your photos. Simple, automatic and lucrative photos for Wordpress blogs. null Microstock,photo,plugin,widgets,wordpress, Easily add relevant photos to your blog posts without leaving Wordpress. Turn on the affiliate option to start earning money from links on your photos. Simple, automatic and lucrative photos for Wordpress blogs.
Piracy Watch visualizes piracy incidents around the globe from 1978 to present, displaying the data in both a map and timeline. The visualization also includes a heat map to give immediate understanding of what parts of the world have been most impacted. null mapping,piracy,security,visualization, Piracy Watch visualizes piracy incidents around the globe from 1978 to present, displaying the data in both a map and timeline. The visualization also includes a heat map to give immediate understanding of what parts of the world have been most impacted.
Lyricat is a collaborative song lyrics translation wiki and search engine. Make a translation requests to the Lyricat community or contribute and earn reputation points. null music,reference,search,social, Lyricat is a collaborative song lyrics translation wiki and search engine. Make a translation requests to the Lyricat community or contribute and earn reputation points.
Travel search portal like iGoogle. Find flights, hotels, weather, maps, photos, videos, news and more.   Now moved to http://www.placemix.com null deadpool,photo,search,travel,weather, Travel search portal like iGoogle. Find flights, hotels, weather, maps, photos, videos, news and more.   Now moved to http://www.placemix.com
Lets pet owners post their lost pets and be called if one is found in their area and allows people who have found a pet to be contacted by someone looking for their pet anonymously.  null animals,deadpool,pets,telephony,Voice, Lets pet owners post their lost pets and be called if one is found in their area and allows people who have found a pet to be contacted by someone looking for their pet anonymously. 
Developed as an add-on to the search engine, Molu, enter a city and then view it mapped, along with Flickr photos, Wikipedia entries, weather, YouTube videos, and more about the location. Print the image on a custom goodie. null mapping,photo,search,travel,video, Developed as an add-on to the search engine, Molu, enter a city and then view it mapped, along with Flickr photos, Wikipedia entries, weather, YouTube videos, and more about the location. Print the image on a custom goodie.
Earn/Learn Web helps users find the best websites to earnl/learn. Sites range from best PayPerTask to best SellYourArt. null money,search, Earn/Learn Web helps users find the best websites to earnl/learn. Sites range from best PayPerTask to best SellYourArt.
All Tchibo shopping offers in a tiny gadget. Never miss a bargain. Supports Tchibo.co.uk, Tchibo.eu, Tchibo.de, Tchibo.at, Tchibo.ch and Tchibo.nl. null shopping,widgets, All Tchibo shopping offers in a tiny gadget. Never miss a bargain. Supports Tchibo.co.uk, Tchibo.eu, Tchibo.de, Tchibo.at, Tchibo.ch and Tchibo.nl.
Tool for placing eBay ads on blogs or web sites to display a customized list of items and earn money. Two steps: Join ebay affiliate program then copy and paste the code into your blog or web page. null auction,deadpool,shopping, Tool for placing eBay ads on blogs or web sites to display a customized list of items and earn money. Two steps: Join ebay affiliate program then copy and paste the code into your blog or web page.
Send SMS notifications to subscribers when you publish a new post on your Wordpress-powered website. Currently in Beta testing.  null messaging,sms,social,widgets, Send SMS notifications to subscribers when you publish a new post on your Wordpress-powered website. Currently in Beta testing. 
An IM bot for Yahoo Messenger and Jabber clients that lets you talk to random people. Just add the bot to your buddies and message away. null chat,deadpool,fun,internet, An IM bot for Yahoo Messenger and Jabber clients that lets you talk to random people. Just add the bot to your buddies and message away.
EchoSign-for-Google Apps enables you to get any document, spreadsheet or presentation electronically signed. null esignature,office,signature, EchoSign-for-Google Apps enables you to get any document, spreadsheet or presentation electronically signed.
Mashup of the local search site Judys Book with Denver-area Better Business Bureau business lookups and a search within the city contractor database for a valid contractor license. null shopping,social, Mashup of the local search site Judys Book with Denver-area Better Business Bureau business lookups and a search within the city contractor database for a valid contractor license.
Winner of the 2007 ETel Mashup Contest. A clever and useful mashup that transcribes office voice mails left by patients for doctors into text and then sends them via SMS to the doctor. With source code. null contests,phone,sms,source,telephony, Winner of the 2007 ETel Mashup Contest. A clever and useful mashup that transcribes office voice mails left by patients for doctors into text and then sends them via SMS to the doctor. With source code.
Get detailed traffic reports on your phone. Yahoo Traffic based results. The traffic report will be based on a 10 mile radius around an entered zip code and will include major and critical incidents. null deadpool,messaging,transit, Get detailed traffic reports on your phone. Yahoo Traffic based results. The traffic report will be based on a 10 mile radius around an entered zip code and will include major and critical incidents.
Browse through all the mountains of the world categorized by continent, country. The mountain coordinates are mapped in Google maps, along with photos got from flickr. Provision is given to visit the details about the mountain in Wikipedia from the Map null education,mountain,science,trek, Browse through all the mountains of the world categorized by continent, country. The mountain coordinates are mapped in Google maps, along with photos got from flickr. Provision is given to visit the details about the mountain in Wikipedia from the Map
Mashes up different slideshows and offers easy navigation via mouse wheel. null api,deadpool,photo,slideshow,widget, Mashes up different slideshows and offers easy navigation via mouse wheel.
Stockaholic uses the EditGrid dynamic images to mashup charts from Yahoo Finance. See the Instructions tab to see how to do it. null enterprise,finance,office,spreadsheet,stocks, Stockaholic uses the EditGrid dynamic images to mashup charts from Yahoo Finance. See the Instructions tab to see how to do it.
Manymoon makes it easy to manage tasks, documents, and projects with the people you work with. null business,calendar,enterprise,office,spreadsheet, Manymoon makes it easy to manage tasks, documents, and projects with the people you work with.
Map of the Top 10 paid women as reported by Fortune Magazine. null finance,jobs,mapping, Map of the Top 10 paid women as reported by Fortune Magazine.
Collaborative short-story writing site using Creative Commons-licensed photos from Flickr as inspiration for stories, OpenID for authentication, and the AOL WIM API for authenticating AOL users. null chat,community,OpenID,photo,writing, Collaborative short-story writing site using Creative Commons-licensed photos from Flickr as inspiration for stories, OpenID for authentication, and the AOL WIM API for authenticating AOL users.
Kindlegraph enables authors to send autographs (&quot;kindlegraphs&quot;) directly to the Kindles of their fans. null deadpool,esignature,fun,social, Kindlegraph enables authors to send autographs (&quot;kindlegraphs&quot;) directly to the Kindles of their fans.
Use pixurl to search your favorite social platforms all from one web page null search,social, Use pixurl to search your favorite social platforms all from one web page
Instant messenger buddy that works accros all major IM networks, including mobile phones, and offers access to Web applications and productivity tools, notes, reminders, to-dos. null chat,messaging,mobile, Instant messenger buddy that works accros all major IM networks, including mobile phones, and offers access to Web applications and productivity tools, notes, reminders, to-dos.
Share messages via voicemail or SMS. null deadpool,messaging,sms,telephony,Voice, Share messages via voicemail or SMS.
The site resolves short url&#039;s used on sites like twitter. The results show information on the page and the domain the page is on. The perfect tool for checking a short url if you are not sure about it.  null compete,resolve,reverse,shorturl, The site resolves short url&#039;s used on sites like twitter. The results show information on the page and the domain the page is on. The perfect tool for checking a short url if you are not sure about it. 
Sound Shelter is an electronic music discovery engine.   We listen to the opinions of the top taste makers from across the planet to bring you the worlda??s best House, Techno, Disco, Dubstep and Soul Jazz releases.  Our powerful web technology collects recommendations from music lovers all over the world to give you the best new releases across all electronic and soul jazz genres. We take recommendations from the best record stores, DJa??s, label owners and music lovers.   null discovery,music,recommendations,spotify,trends, Sound Shelter is an electronic music discovery engine.   We listen to the opinions of the top taste makers from across the planet to bring you the worlda??s best House, Techno, Disco, Dubstep and Soul Jazz releases.  Our powerful web technology collects recommendations from music lovers all over the world to give you the best new releases across all electronic and soul jazz genres. We take recommendations from the best record stores, DJa??s, label owners and music lovers.  
Service for PCs which can search the favorite writers Books. And you can see results by Timeline showing a list and a publication day. null blog,books,deadpool,shopping,timeline, Service for PCs which can search the favorite writers Books. And you can see results by Timeline showing a list and a publication day.
A Twilio howto where you use Python to ask a caller for a zip code, grab the current weather for that zip code from an RSS feed, and read it back to the caller. All hosted on Google App Engine. null code,python,rss,Voice,weather, A Twilio howto where you use Python to ask a caller for a zip code, grab the current weather for that zip code from an RSS feed, and read it back to the caller. All hosted on Google App Engine.
favrats makes product suggestions based on your Facebook friends favorite movies, music, books or TV shows. null amazon,facebook,favrats,movies,music,shopping, favrats makes product suggestions based on your Facebook friends favorite movies, music, books or TV shows.
ezShare Pro is a file management application for the iPhone. It features an integration with Box.net, using the Box API, to allow users to view and manage the files in their Box from within the application. null iPhone,mobile,storage, ezShare Pro is a file management application for the iPhone. It features an integration with Box.net, using the Box API, to allow users to view and manage the files in their Box from within the application.
Xbox Radar helps people find Xbox 360 products and information. null deadpool,games,shopping, Xbox Radar helps people find Xbox 360 products and information.
The original 330+ identities, displayed in your sidebar. Uses DandyID - a free service that enables you to connect, manage, and share all of your online identities from a single location. null blog,internet,social,widgets, The original 330+ identities, displayed in your sidebar. Uses DandyID - a free service that enables you to connect, manage, and share all of your online identities from a single location.
World Travel Guide featuring Video and pictures of, hotels, resorts and restaurants on an interactive Google Map. null mapping,travel,video, World Travel Guide featuring Video and pictures of, hotels, resorts and restaurants on an interactive Google Map.
Crime mapping site for Leawood, Kansas. null crime,kansas,mapping, Crime mapping site for Leawood, Kansas.
Down or Not checks a website from 3 locations in the WatchMouse network and decides if a site is indeed down or not. null monitoring,uptime, Down or Not checks a website from 3 locations in the WatchMouse network and decides if a site is indeed down or not.
PDFCast.org is a free PDF file sharing tool. Upload your PDF documents and share with the world. Integrates with Google Book Search viewer. null books,ebook,pdf, PDFCast.org is a free PDF file sharing tool. Upload your PDF documents and share with the world. Integrates with Google Book Search viewer.
Federal loans, state loans and grant resource. Users can click on an interactive map to view the loans and grants available in different states. null deadpool,mapping,reference,search, Federal loans, state loans and grant resource. Users can click on an interactive map to view the loans and grants available in different states.
Find and compare the prices on flights, airline tickets and hotels deals to thousands of trip vacations with the biggest travel agencies. null airlines,cheap,flights, Find and compare the prices on flights, airline tickets and hotels deals to thousands of trip vacations with the biggest travel agencies.
Police and Fire incident database for many major US metropolitan areas. null crime,deadpool,mapping, Police and Fire incident database for many major US metropolitan areas.
A visual Craigslist viewer. null classifieds,craigslist,deadpool,photo, A visual Craigslist viewer.
Mappyfriends is a location based recommendations network that shows your friends where you have been and recommends you places to go. Mappyfriends enables you to search your friends experiences in order to create your own. null deadpool,friends,mapping,social,travel, Mappyfriends is a location based recommendations network that shows your friends where you have been and recommends you places to go. Mappyfriends enables you to search your friends experiences in order to create your own.
An example site mashing up click to call with Twilio and invoicing with FreshBooks. The app simplifies the job of tracking unpaid invoices and communications with clients about those bills.  null internet,invoicing,Voice,VoIP, An example site mashing up click to call with Twilio and invoicing with FreshBooks. The app simplifies the job of tracking unpaid invoices and communications with clients about those bills. 
A customized travel mashup to search any city and fetch photos, videos, map locations, and wiki articles about that location.  null deadpool,photo,travel,video, A customized travel mashup to search any city and fetch photos, videos, map locations, and wiki articles about that location. 
Box.net&#039;s content management service is integrated with Intuit&#039;s Workspace software, allowing users to access their content on Box from within the QuickBooks application. null finance,storage, Box.net&#039;s content management service is integrated with Intuit&#039;s Workspace software, allowing users to access their content on Box from within the QuickBooks application.
Helps you get better geo location interaction on Twitter. Tweet from your office, coffee shop, restaurant, or park and know exactly where your friends are. null deadpool,geolocation,mapping,microblogging, Helps you get better geo location interaction on Twitter. Tweet from your office, coffee shop, restaurant, or park and know exactly where your friends are.
JockPedia contains a huge database of athletes from around the from world. Includes a short bio, latest news, pictures and highlight movies. null deadpool,reference,search,social,sports, JockPedia contains a huge database of athletes from around the from world. Includes a short bio, latest news, pictures and highlight movies.
A free site-building service that takes data from APIs and other content sources as a way for niche publishers to quickly create content-rich sites along with built-in monetization options. null internet,shopping, A free site-building service that takes data from APIs and other content sources as a way for niche publishers to quickly create content-rich sites along with built-in monetization options.
Task.fm is your own personal assistant. Send yourself emails, SMSs, or phone call reminders. null appointments,messaging,telephony,Voice, Task.fm is your own personal assistant. Send yourself emails, SMSs, or phone call reminders.
A game in which you are shown two Hot or Not candidates and you try to guess which person is hotter. null dating,deadpool,games,photo, A game in which you are shown two Hot or Not candidates and you try to guess which person is hotter.
Share your predictions with the world and see how many others are of a similar mind and what they, in turn, predict will happen. null deadpool,news,search, Share your predictions with the world and see how many others are of a similar mind and what they, in turn, predict will happen.
Notify is a note-taking application for the iPad, and through its integration with Box.net, users can upload their notes directly to a Box account. null pim,storage, Notify is a note-taking application for the iPad, and through its integration with Box.net, users can upload their notes directly to a Box account.
Translates gettext language definition files (used for software localisation) into various languages using Google Language API. Source code available. null programming,software,Translation, Translates gettext language definition files (used for software localisation) into various languages using Google Language API. Source code available.
Process, visualize, correlate , analyze and publish data from different gov data sets. Help is WIP. null appsforcalifornians,government,visualization, Process, visualize, correlate , analyze and publish data from different gov data sets. Help is WIP.
Find a new place to live with a travel time search.  It works on commuting time between stations (Underground and DLR only) and average house prices. You can also view property listings around your chosen station and fun stuff like house price statistics. null commuting,mapping,search,transit,travel,uk, Find a new place to live with a travel time search.  It works on commuting time between stations (Underground and DLR only) and average house prices. You can also view property listings around your chosen station and fun stuff like house price statistics.
Find movie times, compare them quickly between theaters, all on top of an interactive map-based interface.  Purchase tickets at many of the theaters listed. null deadpool,mapping,movies,search, Find movie times, compare them quickly between theaters, all on top of an interactive map-based interface.  Purchase tickets at many of the theaters listed.
Thanks to Twilio, you will be able to communicate with your friends for free without knowing their numbers and preventing them to know yours. null messaging,mobile,social, Thanks to Twilio, you will be able to communicate with your friends for free without knowing their numbers and preventing them to know yours.
Get detailed weather information from hundreds of weather stations via this rich map interface built on the Weatherbug API, Microsoft Virtual Earth and Flash popups. null mapping,weather, Get detailed weather information from hundreds of weather stations via this rich map interface built on the Weatherbug API, Microsoft Virtual Earth and Flash popups.
A tour and attractions company that has integrated the Rezgo XML API for bookings. The product display and availability pages use the API to pull live updated product data and availability for specific tours and activities. null spain,travel, A tour and attractions company that has integrated the Rezgo XML API for bookings. The product display and availability pages use the API to pull live updated product data and availability for specific tours and activities.
The ChannelAdvisor CRM connector for salesforce.com, the leader in customer relationship management (CRM) and cloud computing, now allows ChannelAdvisor customers the ability to leverage the power of CRM in their online customer service and marketing operations. Also, in partnership with Cloud Conversion, online retailers are able to leverage the multi-channel specific customer service module provided by eCommSource. null reference, The ChannelAdvisor CRM connector for salesforce.com, the leader in customer relationship management (CRM) and cloud computing, now allows ChannelAdvisor customers the ability to leverage the power of CRM in their online customer service and marketing operations. Also, in partnership with Cloud Conversion, online retailers are able to leverage the multi-channel specific customer service module provided by eCommSource.
Looking for new music? Richseam.com lets you discover music through the collaborations and connections of your favourite artists null aggregator,discovery,music,search, Looking for new music? Richseam.com lets you discover music through the collaborations and connections of your favourite artists
Get Business News headlines for a specific company on your cell phone: SMS, Email, WAP. This uses the RSS feed from Yahoo Finance and integrates with the 411Sync Mobile API. null deadpool,messaging,news, Get Business News headlines for a specific company on your cell phone: SMS, Email, WAP. This uses the RSS feed from Yahoo Finance and integrates with the 411Sync Mobile API.
Google Maps mashup of traffic cams and a rain map for Singapore. null deadpool,mapping,Singapore,travel,weather,webcams, Google Maps mashup of traffic cams and a rain map for Singapore.
On Twenue users dona??t tweet at a venue - they tweet TO a venue. Twenue is a platform that uses APIs from Google maps and Twitter to let users discover places and share them with their social networking contacts. null geotagging,local,mapping,social,tweet, On Twenue users dona??t tweet at a venue - they tweet TO a venue. Twenue is a platform that uses APIs from Google maps and Twitter to let users discover places and share them with their social networking contacts.
Basecamp widget for the Yahoo Widget Engine. Manage your Basecamp projects from your desktop. null project-management,widgets, Basecamp widget for the Yahoo Widget Engine. Manage your Basecamp projects from your desktop.
Online aromatherapy shop created using Shopping API. Price comparison with direct product links to stores. Aromtherapy.eu has subdomains for US, DE, FR, and AU. Main domain used for UK Shopping API. null api,shopping, Online aromatherapy shop created using Shopping API. Price comparison with direct product links to stores. Aromtherapy.eu has subdomains for US, DE, FR, and AU. Main domain used for UK Shopping API.
Click anywhere on the world map and drill down for country, state, city, and street geo data. null geocoding,mapping, Click anywhere on the world map and drill down for country, state, city, and street geo data.
Lets you tour the Internet via a Skype bot. null bot,messaging, Lets you tour the Internet via a Skype bot.
Top 99 Women as voted by readers and staff of Askmen Magazine. null celebrity,mapping,movies,television, Top 99 Women as voted by readers and staff of Askmen Magazine.
MLB Gametime Weather shows you a weather report for the next upcoming game for your favorite team. Choose your team and you will be ready for your stadium trip. null deadpool,sports,weather, MLB Gametime Weather shows you a weather report for the next upcoming game for your favorite team. Choose your team and you will be ready for your stadium trip.
Browse through birds of the world, categorized by continent and country. When you click a bird link, photos are retrieved from Flickr, and Wikipedia integration appears. null birds,education,science, Browse through birds of the world, categorized by continent and country. When you click a bird link, photos are retrieved from Flickr, and Wikipedia integration appears.
Import Basecamp time in to QuickBooks. null enterprise,finance,office,project-management, Import Basecamp time in to QuickBooks.
PackageTrack provides twitter notification and google mapping for USPS, UPS, and FedEx packages.   null deadpool,mapping,microblogging,shipping, PackageTrack provides twitter notification and google mapping for USPS, UPS, and FedEx packages.  
Flight Simulator built using Microsoft Virtual Earth maps. null aviation,flight,fun,games,mapping, Flight Simulator built using Microsoft Virtual Earth maps.
Real-time, private communication from web users to you, from anywhere. No software required. null chat,im,sms,xmpp, Real-time, private communication from web users to you, from anywhere. No software required.
The ultimate marketing tool to create buzz online. Create competitions on twitter to encourage tweeting. Are you holding an event? launching a product? holding a gig? Use #tweet-a-lot to get publicity online. Gamification of twitter posts! Incredibly addictive. Automatic player discovery, with nothing to install. null gamification,stream,Twitter, The ultimate marketing tool to create buzz online. Create competitions on twitter to encourage tweeting. Are you holding an event? launching a product? holding a gig? Use #tweet-a-lot to get publicity online. Gamification of twitter posts! Incredibly addictive. Automatic player discovery, with nothing to install.
100% Cloud-based mail-merge using data from BatchBook and Drawloop&#039;s SaaS mail-merge solution. null CRM,email,mailmerge, 100% Cloud-based mail-merge using data from BatchBook and Drawloop&#039;s SaaS mail-merge solution.
A mashup of the ordrin api with hubot to allow ordering of food from with a chat room. null food,HackFood,ordering, A mashup of the ordrin api with hubot to allow ordering of food from with a chat room.
Utwitbook is a place to find twitter-ers who share your interests, location, url and even design colors, also provide another profile for twitter-ers with friends(following) auto categorized null recommend,search,social,tweet,Twitter, Utwitbook is a place to find twitter-ers who share your interests, location, url and even design colors, also provide another profile for twitter-ers with friends(following) auto categorized
Take a photo with your camera phone and send it via MMS using Snappr. Your image will appear on TwitPic and be posted on Twitter automatically. No 3G or internet connection is required. null deadpool,messaging,mobile,photo,social, Take a photo with your camera phone and send it via MMS using Snappr. Your image will appear on TwitPic and be posted on Twitter automatically. No 3G or internet connection is required.
An extension to your Firefox browser that adds important sales capabilities to QuickBase CRM including click-to-conference, currency conversion and maps. null business,CRM,mapping,telephony, An extension to your Firefox browser that adds important sales capabilities to QuickBase CRM including click-to-conference, currency conversion and maps.
Google Voice Search in multiple languages.  Features include Search-by-Voice, Real-time Search Suggestions, &quot;Did you say&quot; Speech-to-Text Corrections and 66 Speech-to-Text Languages. null google,multilingual,search,Voice, Google Voice Search in multiple languages.  Features include Search-by-Voice, Real-time Search Suggestions, &quot;Did you say&quot; Speech-to-Text Corrections and 66 Speech-to-Text Languages.
SAP application for Zone optimization using MapPoint 2006 and Virtual Earth 3D. This link goes to a Microsoft blog post with video showing more about the application. null business,deadpool,mapping,sap, SAP application for Zone optimization using MapPoint 2006 and Virtual Earth 3D. This link goes to a Microsoft blog post with video showing more about the application.
MagenPro is the integration between Magento ecommerce and Doba drop ship products.  null deadpool,Magento,shipping,shopping, MagenPro is the integration between Magento ecommerce and Doba drop ship products. 
Arabic entertainment website. Integrates photos from Flickr and videos from YouTube. null Arabic,photo,video, Arabic entertainment website. Integrates photos from Flickr and videos from YouTube.
Need to create a map for your Facebook page?  Why send readers to a google or mapquest map when you could give them another reason to go to your Facebook page instead?  Or keep them on your Facebook page.  The BlockWild map application gives you the ability to create a map with an informative popup card on your Facebook page for events, rentals, classifieds, or anything you want to map.  null events,mapping,social, Need to create a map for your Facebook page?  Why send readers to a google or mapquest map when you could give them another reason to go to your Facebook page instead?  Or keep them on your Facebook page.  The BlockWild map application gives you the ability to create a map with an informative popup card on your Facebook page for events, rentals, classifieds, or anything you want to map. 
TravelOxi.com - is a new convenient way to explore over 400,000 travel destinations around the globe. Get instant information, millions of photos, videos, webcams, maps, news, buzz, local current weather and time, events and more. null mapping,photos,travel,videos,webcams, TravelOxi.com - is a new convenient way to explore over 400,000 travel destinations around the globe. Get instant information, millions of photos, videos, webcams, maps, news, buzz, local current weather and time, events and more.
Millions of products, large selection of brand shops, classified ads (USA, UK, Ireland, Canada, India), deals, rebates, clearances, promotions, specials and buying guides. null search,shopping, Millions of products, large selection of brand shops, classified ads (USA, UK, Ireland, Canada, India), deals, rebates, clearances, promotions, specials and buying guides.
Solid Commerce helps online retailers maximize their profits across multiple channels by mashing-up eBay, Amazon, Overstock, FedEx, USPS, Froogle and others. null auction,ecommerce,saas,shipping,shopping, Solid Commerce helps online retailers maximize their profits across multiple channels by mashing-up eBay, Amazon, Overstock, FedEx, USPS, Froogle and others.
DoAt (do@) is a new mobile search engine for the iPhone. DoAt is an open platform for answering search queries and any developer can submit a web app to answer any type of query (music, movies, weather, restaurants, etc.). null iPhone,mobile,search,social, DoAt (do@) is a new mobile search engine for the iPhone. DoAt is an open platform for answering search queries and any developer can submit a web app to answer any type of query (music, movies, weather, restaurants, etc.).
Making the act of planning easier. Uses a combination of email and SMS to communicate around a particular event.  null apihackdaypdx,deadpool,events,social, Making the act of planning easier. Uses a combination of email and SMS to communicate around a particular event. 
A mashup of Blogger and Google Calendar. Embed links and summaries of blog posts in your calendar. null blog,calendar,events, A mashup of Blogger and Google Calendar. Embed links and summaries of blog posts in your calendar.
Sportmeets connects online users who love sports so that they can meet, organize their teams and events and compete offline. null events,organize,payment,social,sports, Sportmeets connects online users who love sports so that they can meet, organize their teams and events and compete offline.
Handollar.com features the top deals every day from the various group-buying and one-day deal websites such as Groupon, LivingSocial and more, put them on map, translate them to english if needed. Using Google translate API, Google maps API, Yahoo Places API, Yelp API and many others. null daily,deals,local,shopping,Translation, Handollar.com features the top deals every day from the various group-buying and one-day deal websites such as Groupon, LivingSocial and more, put them on map, translate them to english if needed. Using Google translate API, Google maps API, Yahoo Places API, Yelp API and many others.
Jooniyo Is a Social network for children that uses the Facebook API.  null chat,children,fun,social, Jooniyo Is a Social network for children that uses the Facebook API. 
A CATastrophic Android app by Pura Vida Apps using thecatapi.com  Every few seconds another cat will be displayed.  This is something for cat lovers! Enjoy!  This project has been developed with App Inventor. You can find a screenshot of the relevant parts of the source code here: http://puravidaapps.com/caturday.php  null animals,fun,photo, A CATastrophic Android app by Pura Vida Apps using thecatapi.com  Every few seconds another cat will be displayed.  This is something for cat lovers! Enjoy!  This project has been developed with App Inventor. You can find a screenshot of the relevant parts of the source code here: http://puravidaapps.com/caturday.php 
Offers apartment rentals, vacation rentals, home rentals and other real estate rentals. Search the listings or post your rental listing. Also searches Craigslist. null craigslist,mapping,realestate, Offers apartment rentals, vacation rentals, home rentals and other real estate rentals. Search the listings or post your rental listing. Also searches Craigslist.
An app for Australians (written by a Canadian :) which integrates the Sensis API with the Yelp API to find who drinks at pubs near you.  Works by using Sensis Yellow Pages search and matching up with the most recent Yelp reviews for the pubs found to get fresh reviewer photos.  Note you must enter an Australian address (just use Melbourne for city if you are not from down under!) null food,fun,search,shopping,social, An app for Australians (written by a Canadian :) which integrates the Sensis API with the Yelp API to find who drinks at pubs near you.  Works by using Sensis Yellow Pages search and matching up with the most recent Yelp reviews for the pubs found to get fresh reviewer photos.  Note you must enter an Australian address (just use Melbourne for city if you are not from down under!)
This is a complex sample of an iOS application using QuickBlox. The application uses the modules Chat, Content, Location, Users and Messages. Using this application, the user can see other users on the map. Users can use Chat to communicate with each other. null chat,mapping, This is a complex sample of an iOS application using QuickBlox. The application uses the modules Chat, Content, Location, Users and Messages. Using this application, the user can see other users on the map. Users can use Chat to communicate with each other.
Mixing the information from twitter and sending it to Facebook. null deadpool,facebook,like,Twitter, Mixing the information from twitter and sending it to Facebook.
S3audible is a amazon s3 music and video player that will stream straight from your amazon s3 buckets easy to setup get started straight away! null amazon,audio,music,S3,streaming,video, S3audible is a amazon s3 music and video player that will stream straight from your amazon s3 buckets easy to setup get started straight away!
Bookflavor is a book discovery application which helps you taste books by showing reviews from many different sources. null books,recommendations,reviews, Bookflavor is a book discovery application which helps you taste books by showing reviews from many different sources.
View where your congressperson has traveled, how much it cost and which private interest paid for the trip.  Part of the OpenSecrets.org Congressional travel database. null deadpool,mapping,politics,travel, View where your congressperson has traveled, how much it cost and which private interest paid for the trip.  Part of the OpenSecrets.org Congressional travel database.
A simple and easy-to-use tool to track time on your Trello board activities. null office,project-management,timetracking, A simple and easy-to-use tool to track time on your Trello board activities.
Gig Pig is a personalised gig guide for Australia. From national rock concerts to your mates band down at the local. Unlike other Australian gig guides, Gig Pig totally operates on user-generated data. null Australia,charts,deadpool,mapping,music,social, Gig Pig is a personalised gig guide for Australia. From national rock concerts to your mates band down at the local. Unlike other Australian gig guides, Gig Pig totally operates on user-generated data.
A do-it-yourself website creation and hosting service designed to enable users to easily create sites using web services such as Blogger, Flickr, YouTube, Del.icio.us and BlueDot. null blog,deadpool,photo,shopping,widgets, A do-it-yourself website creation and hosting service designed to enable users to easily create sites using web services such as Blogger, Flickr, YouTube, Del.icio.us and BlueDot.
iRadioApp uses radio station listings from Yes.com and provides live information for the top 30 United States cities. See last 10 songs played on each station. Tag songs, email artist and title, play using seeqpod, view lyrics or preview in iTunes. null iPhone,lyrics,mobile,music,radio, iRadioApp uses radio station listings from Yes.com and provides live information for the top 30 United States cities. See last 10 songs played on each station. Tag songs, email artist and title, play using seeqpod, view lyrics or preview in iTunes.
All-in-one political app for conservatives. null congress,government,iPhone,mobile,politics,Republican, All-in-one political app for conservatives.
An attempt to make the Twitter search experience more fun and engaging as well as provide additional functionality. null deadpool,search, An attempt to make the Twitter search experience more fun and engaging as well as provide additional functionality.
A Google map that plots the course of the Boston Marathon. It also describes communities along the route and stages of the race. Created Brian Hamman of Faneuil Media. The map is running on Boston.com null deadpool,mapping,marathons,running,sports, A Google map that plots the course of the Boston Marathon. It also describes communities along the route and stages of the race. Created Brian Hamman of Faneuil Media. The map is running on Boston.com
phpLD is a script that creates a business directory that allows for the display of Google maps with each listing that is added to the directory. null code,mapping,php, phpLD is a script that creates a business directory that allows for the display of Google maps with each listing that is added to the directory.
Facebook app with a simple interface to view MTV music videos. null deadpool,MTV,music,social,video, Facebook app with a simple interface to view MTV music videos.
Interactive map that can be used to find a veterinarian near home or while traveling by Pets Best. null animals,health,mapping, Interactive map that can be used to find a veterinarian near home or while traveling by Pets Best.
The Live Recipe website is used to test and deploy mainly Windows Live Services and products. null contacts,gadgets,live,search,widgets,windows, The Live Recipe website is used to test and deploy mainly Windows Live Services and products.
This mashup allows Box.net users to edit files within their Box accounts using Zoho, then save the edited files directly back to Box. null boxnet,documents,editing, This mashup allows Box.net users to edit files within their Box accounts using Zoho, then save the edited files directly back to Box.
Route incoming phone messages with PagerDuty. Dispatch incoming telephone voicemails/SMS messages from Twilio according to a PagerDuty on-call schedule null messaging,sms,tools, Route incoming phone messages with PagerDuty. Dispatch incoming telephone voicemails/SMS messages from Twilio according to a PagerDuty on-call schedule
Gooogle Maps Mashup displays public broadcast coverage overlays, and allows users to look up demographic information for all broadcast facilities, radio and TV.  null mapping,reference, Gooogle Maps Mashup displays public broadcast coverage overlays, and allows users to look up demographic information for all broadcast facilities, radio and TV. 
Map and local based social community. null auction,deadpool,mapping,shopping,social, Map and local based social community.
This service provide instant information about the top tourist attractions in a city. Just send us the location - city and state - and see the best places in a city. null events,messaging,mobile,travel, This service provide instant information about the top tourist attractions in a city. Just send us the location - city and state - and see the best places in a city.
&quot;Text (415) 729-3599 with any food or beverage and it will tell you important nutrition facts in seconds.  This application uses the awesome DailyBurn service to look up over 400,000 popular meals. Give it a try!&quot; null dailyburn,deadpool,food,sms, &quot;Text (415) 729-3599 with any food or beverage and it will tell you important nutrition facts in seconds.  This application uses the awesome DailyBurn service to look up over 400,000 popular meals. Give it a try!&quot;
Demo of Flickr Shapefiles usage in Flash. Uses ModestMaps AS3 system for the web mapping together with Bing imagery. The source code is available in Wonderfl.net. null code,mapping,photo,source, Demo of Flickr Shapefiles usage in Flash. Uses ModestMaps AS3 system for the web mapping together with Bing imagery. The source code is available in Wonderfl.net.
Sky Connect Mission Management Unit provides GPS tracking, satellite telephone, and text messaging capabilities in flight. Data is transferred between aircraft and Sky Connect via the 66 low-orbit satellites in the Iridium satellite network. null aviation,mapping, Sky Connect Mission Management Unit provides GPS tracking, satellite telephone, and text messaging capabilities in flight. Data is transferred between aircraft and Sky Connect via the 66 low-orbit satellites in the Iridium satellite network.
LookLOCAL is a unique online mapping and local search service. View over 6,000 traffic cams, view travel related KML files and import your own, search or get directions, and compare Google Maps, Yahoo Local Maps, and Live Search Maps. null deadpool,mapping,photo,search,traffic,travel, LookLOCAL is a unique online mapping and local search service. View over 6,000 traffic cams, view travel related KML files and import your own, search or get directions, and compare Google Maps, Yahoo Local Maps, and Live Search Maps.
Printsgram provides printable PDF files from your Instagram photos, with several different layout templates. PDF files are created on standart international paper sizes, so you can print them with your printer or go to a local print store for larger prints.  null instagram,photo,print,printing,social, Printsgram provides printable PDF files from your Instagram photos, with several different layout templates. PDF files are created on standart international paper sizes, so you can print them with your printer or go to a local print store for larger prints. 
PrevURL is for previewing URLs. You may preview normal URLs like google.com or shortened URLs like is.gd/w. null bookmarks,deadpool,internet,tools,utility, PrevURL is for previewing URLs. You may preview normal URLs like google.com or shortened URLs like is.gd/w.
Twitter realtime feed. iGoogle style drag and drop with Twitter power search. Search current daily and weekly trends. Search TwitPics and audio. null microblogging,search, Twitter realtime feed. iGoogle style drag and drop with Twitter power search. Search current daily and weekly trends. Search TwitPics and audio.
Search eBay in Your language(as long as it is on Google Translate list). null search,shopping,Translation, Search eBay in Your language(as long as it is on Google Translate list).
Map of Florida Kids Skipping School.  See Attendance records for every school, zip code and school district.  null education,florida,MapLarge,mapping,schools, Map of Florida Kids Skipping School.  See Attendance records for every school, zip code and school district. 
New songs and lyrics. Latest music videos and downloads from your favorite artists across the globe. Download songs free.  null music,search, New songs and lyrics. Latest music videos and downloads from your favorite artists across the globe. Download songs free. 
Jammap is an application that allows the user to listen to licensed creative commons music from Jamendo through a map navigation. Drag the map marker to a country (or double click it) and select an album. null mapping,music,search, Jammap is an application that allows the user to listen to licensed creative commons music from Jamendo through a map navigation. Drag the map marker to a country (or double click it) and select an album.
The main idea is to turn the search process into an act of learning in itself. The app generates a term cloud as a way to explore a subject area, getting an overview over the central terms surrounding a query and navigating the result set. null search,semantic,tagging, The main idea is to turn the search process into an act of learning in itself. The app generates a term cloud as a way to explore a subject area, getting an overview over the central terms surrounding a query and navigating the result set.
News, facts, blogs, videos, and pictures about the entertainment world that is continuously updated. Uses Google Custom Ajax search,Yahoo Buzz, Google Suggest, and Wikipedia. null celebrity,search, News, facts, blogs, videos, and pictures about the entertainment world that is continuously updated. Uses Google Custom Ajax search,Yahoo Buzz, Google Suggest, and Wikipedia.
Molu is a super fast vertical meta search engine searching across various categories in a single go. What more, it does not store any of the user history unlike other search engines which track the user. It also lays direct answers on top of the search results.  null bing,Metasearch,search, Molu is a super fast vertical meta search engine searching across various categories in a single go. What more, it does not store any of the user history unlike other search engines which track the user. It also lays direct answers on top of the search results. 
Travel search mashup portal that lets users track all the information about their favorite places. Also uses World66 open guide book and CIA Factbook maps. More on the way.  null maps,photo,portal,search,travel,weather, Travel search mashup portal that lets users track all the information about their favorite places. Also uses World66 open guide book and CIA Factbook maps. More on the way. 
Aggregating news into categorized topics from online sources. Features include news cloud, rate news, news discussion, and more. Find local news, world news, and forums. null aggregator,news, Aggregating news into categorized topics from online sources. Features include news cloud, rate news, news discussion, and more. Find local news, world news, and forums.
Free language exchange. A language-learning social network based on Skype. Learn a language while you meet new people and earn some money. null language,messaging,Translation,Voice, Free language exchange. A language-learning social network based on Skype. Learn a language while you meet new people and earn some money.
CityStrides lets you   ... Track your runs across the streets in your city to see how much you&#039;ve completed and what&#039;s left to run. Can you run every street in your city?  ... Track your shoes to see you how many miles they&#039;ve got and what they&#039;re costing you per mile.  ... Create & share routes to find new places to run, share your favorite runs, and compete against yourself and others in your city.  ... Get detailed weather information for ALL of your runs - all the way back to the first run you ever tracked with RunKeeper.  ... See how many steps you take during each run. null fun,games,geocoding,health,running,social, CityStrides lets you   ... Track your runs across the streets in your city to see how much you&#039;ve completed and what&#039;s left to run. Can you run every street in your city?  ... Track your shoes to see you how many miles they&#039;ve got and what they&#039;re costing you per mile.  ... Create & share routes to find new places to run, share your favorite runs, and compete against yourself and others in your city.  ... Get detailed weather information for ALL of your runs - all the way back to the first run you ever tracked with RunKeeper.  ... See how many steps you take during each run.
A swarm of memes, collected via a variety of inputs, presented as news, or search, or bookmarks, or image walls. A work in progress, representing both memetic and swarming APIs, to span many sites. null bookmarks,deadpool,news,photo,search,video, A swarm of memes, collected via a variety of inputs, presented as news, or search, or bookmarks, or image walls. A work in progress, representing both memetic and swarming APIs, to span many sites.
A simple real estate mashup. null deadpool,france,mapping,realestate, A simple real estate mashup.
Puts news headlines from Daylife in an interactive timeline, flipbook, or map view. null deadpool,headlines,news,timeline,visualization, Puts news headlines from Daylife in an interactive timeline, flipbook, or map view.
A Google Maps mashup that allows you to calculate the per-passenger greenhouse gas emissions created by a commercial airline flight between any two airports. null advocacy,environment,mapping,politics,science,travel, A Google Maps mashup that allows you to calculate the per-passenger greenhouse gas emissions created by a commercial airline flight between any two airports.
A tool that translates RSS feeds into 24 languages. Use Mloovi to generate an RSS feed in the language of your choice. Your users can subscribe to the URL and see your blog in their language when it is updated. null blog,deadpool,language,rss,Translation,web20, A tool that translates RSS feeds into 24 languages. Use Mloovi to generate an RSS feed in the language of your choice. Your users can subscribe to the URL and see your blog in their language when it is updated.
Tiny iGoogle gadget inspired by picfog. It combines 4 APIs. Shows the latest pics that are post on Twitter for a specific keyword. It also shows the current trends on Twitter and their hashtag description from Tagalus. null hashtags,microblogging,photo,widgets, Tiny iGoogle gadget inspired by picfog. It combines 4 APIs. Shows the latest pics that are post on Twitter for a specific keyword. It also shows the current trends on Twitter and their hashtag description from Tagalus.
Attempts to match currently trending Twitter topics with relevant images and news stories. Uses Twitter to get news, What the Trend to get them explained, Flickr to get the images, and Yahoo News for the news items. null deadpool,micrblogging,news,photo,search,trends, Attempts to match currently trending Twitter topics with relevant images and news stories. Uses Twitter to get news, What the Trend to get them explained, Flickr to get the images, and Yahoo News for the news items.
A small application that will compress and capitalize your text.  null deadpool,messaging,microblogging,utility, A small application that will compress and capitalize your text. 
This is a demo bookstore that uses the Amazon Product Advertisement API. It provides books in a well-categorized manner. null books,ecommerce,shopping,suggestions, This is a demo bookstore that uses the Amazon Product Advertisement API. It provides books in a well-categorized manner.
Get real time Bay Area traffic from 511.org. Simply use the search keyword 511 and provide the freeway. This service can be accessed using SMS, WAP and EMail. null california,deadpool,messaging,mobile,transit, Get real time Bay Area traffic from 511.org. Simply use the search keyword 511 and provide the freeway. This service can be accessed using SMS, WAP and EMail.
Sometimes you need to quickly gather information from the people around you. Rather than writing it up on a board, folks can text their data, and it automatically gets pushed to our database where you can export it to csv. null deadpool,education,messaging,sms,survey,telephony, Sometimes you need to quickly gather information from the people around you. Rather than writing it up on a board, folks can text their data, and it automatically gets pushed to our database where you can export it to csv.
This mashup combines great motorcycling routes on a map along with route information, trip length, and locations of nearest H-D dealerships and Best Western Hotels. null mapping,motorcycles, This mashup combines great motorcycling routes on a map along with route information, trip length, and locations of nearest H-D dealerships and Best Western Hotels.
Mashup of Zillow and Yahoo Maps as supplement to online mortgage service. null finance,mapping,realestate, Mashup of Zillow and Yahoo Maps as supplement to online mortgage service.
An open source free Java Point of Sale system for restaurants. To ensure fast development and scalability, Floreant POS used the Flickr API and Google Custom Search engine. null enterprise,food,photo,restaurant,search, An open source free Java Point of Sale system for restaurants. To ensure fast development and scalability, Floreant POS used the Flickr API and Google Custom Search engine.
A Google Map to show the location of California&#039;s green companies. The map allows users to search out companies that retrofit homes for energy efficiency, manufacture parts for renewable energy systems, build electric cars or process advanced fuels. null california,environment,green,mapping, A Google Map to show the location of California&#039;s green companies. The map allows users to search out companies that retrofit homes for energy efficiency, manufacture parts for renewable energy systems, build electric cars or process advanced fuels.
Map based apartment and housing search with custom Flash based map. null mapping,realestate,search, Map based apartment and housing search with custom Flash based map.
Lovers of Pandora and DRM-free MP3 download site eMusic now have a mashup of the 2 popular sites. As the Pandora stream plays, the track playing shows up for download from eMusic with info about the band, album reviews, related artists, etc. null download,mp3,music,pandora,search,shopping, Lovers of Pandora and DRM-free MP3 download site eMusic now have a mashup of the 2 popular sites. As the Pandora stream plays, the track playing shows up for download from eMusic with info about the band, album reviews, related artists, etc.
mash trends takes the latest trending topics from google trends and twitter trends and uses the keywords to display breaking related news stories. A great example of a google twitter mashup with twitter statistics. null google,media,social,statistics,trends,Twitter, mash trends takes the latest trending topics from google trends and twitter trends and uses the keywords to display breaking related news stories. A great example of a google twitter mashup with twitter statistics.
GameTripping.com lets you to share and collect your experiences visiting ballparks across the US. Features a guide and gallery powered by Yahoo Maps and Flickr. Ballpark Collection shows an array of all ballparks, highlighting ones you have reviewed. null baseball,deadpool,Flex,mapping,photo,sports, GameTripping.com lets you to share and collect your experiences visiting ballparks across the US. Features a guide and gallery powered by Yahoo Maps and Flickr. Ballpark Collection shows an array of all ballparks, highlighting ones you have reviewed.
Search marketing service for Salesforce.com null ads,deadpool,search, Search marketing service for Salesforce.com
Interactive topic explorer around the Guardian articles. The way it works is that you search for a certain term. Concepts are then extracted from resulting articles, that you can then explore further. null deadpool,news,research,semantic,visualization, Interactive topic explorer around the Guardian articles. The way it works is that you search for a certain term. Concepts are then extracted from resulting articles, that you can then explore further.
la-liga-f?otbol-espa?ol
Enter your First and Last name and see two random videos based on those keywords. null deadpool,video, Enter your First and Last name and see two random videos based on those keywords.
A platform for a carbon calculator gadget, built as a partnership among Google, the Energy Saving Trust, and RSA. Uses the AMEE engine and draws on the UK CO2 calculator for its data, calculations, and approved methodologies. null environment,green,widgets, A platform for a carbon calculator gadget, built as a partnership among Google, the Energy Saving Trust, and RSA. Uses the AMEE engine and draws on the UK CO2 calculator for its data, calculations, and approved methodologies.
Use this service to determine the latest status of your UPS and USPS package from cell phone. Check status using SMS, EMail or WAP. This service has been implemented using 411Sync Mobile API. null deadpool,messaging,shipping, Use this service to determine the latest status of your UPS and USPS package from cell phone. Check status using SMS, EMail or WAP. This service has been implemented using 411Sync Mobile API.
Add ChaCha as your IM Buddy and start asking away... Your favorite ChaCha Questions & Answers service is now available in your favorite IM services. AIM, MSN, Yahoo!, Google Talk, and Jabber. null chat, Add ChaCha as your IM Buddy and start asking away... Your favorite ChaCha Questions & Answers service is now available in your favorite IM services. AIM, MSN, Yahoo!, Google Talk, and Jabber.
Browse through zoos of the world, categorized by country. When you click a zoo link, photos are retrieved from Flickr and displayed, the coordinates of the zoo location is displayed in Google maps and Wikipedia content of the article is also displayed.   null mapping,photo,reference,social,visualization, Browse through zoos of the world, categorized by country. When you click a zoo link, photos are retrieved from Flickr and displayed, the coordinates of the zoo location is displayed in Google maps and Wikipedia content of the article is also displayed.  
London Restaurants, searchable by Tube station and/or Cuisine, complete with live booking service. null london,mapping,restaurant, London Restaurants, searchable by Tube station and/or Cuisine, complete with live booking service.
Maps all your GMail contacts.  Also, allows addition and deletion of contacts.  Updating contacts coming soon. null contacts,email,mapping,social, Maps all your GMail contacts.  Also, allows addition and deletion of contacts.  Updating contacts coming soon.
Auto-generates your About page using your peoplepond profile. null blog,plugin,social,wordpress, Auto-generates your About page using your peoplepond profile.
Mashing all kinds of data sources together to create a new site with all user generated content of, in this case, A campingflight to Lowlands Festival, which is a big multiple day music festival in The Netherlands.   Built together with VPRO/3voor12 null 3voor12,aggregator,festival,lowlands,roelandp,vpro, Mashing all kinds of data sources together to create a new site with all user generated content of, in this case, A campingflight to Lowlands Festival, which is a big multiple day music festival in The Netherlands.   Built together with VPRO/3voor12
See recent hacker attacks on this map coded from a blockhosts script which record sshd or proftpd processes are attacked. IP is reversed with GeoIP Lite. null deadpool,mapping,security, See recent hacker attacks on this map coded from a blockhosts script which record sshd or proftpd processes are attacked. IP is reversed with GeoIP Lite.
Greg Gershman???s mashup plotting Chicago-area bloggers. null blog,chicago,deadpool,mapping, Greg Gershman???s mashup plotting Chicago-area bloggers.
Mashup of search results from Bing Google Digg Twitter Yahoo in a apealing format. It is designed as a research tool to save having to do multiple searches. The Top 40 search results are ranked and presented in ordered lists. null search,social,Twitter, Mashup of search results from Bing Google Digg Twitter Yahoo in a apealing format. It is designed as a research tool to save having to do multiple searches. The Top 40 search results are ranked and presented in ordered lists.
LondonFlatmate.net is a flatsharing application for London, it currently uses the GoogleMaps API and the Yahoo Geocoding API to help display available flatsahres on a map as well as Google local search to bring the area local to a flatshare to life. null deadpool,Flatshare,london,mapping,realestate,uk, LondonFlatmate.net is a flatsharing application for London, it currently uses the GoogleMaps API and the Yahoo Geocoding API to help display available flatsahres on a map as well as Google local search to bring the area local to a flatshare to life.
In1 is a social aggregation, discovery and sharing platform that combines feeds from multiple social networks. In provides content discover, one-click sharing and single channel promotion for brands. null social,social-media,tools, In1 is a social aggregation, discovery and sharing platform that combines feeds from multiple social networks. In provides content discover, one-click sharing and single channel promotion for brands.
lokerja.com is an Indonesian Job Listing aggregate. Using Indeed, this site pulls job listings sorted by location and reposts them on their own site.  null indeed,indonesia,jobs,search, lokerja.com is an Indonesian Job Listing aggregate. Using Indeed, this site pulls job listings sorted by location and reposts them on their own site. 
Passione non profit is an Italian site. It appears to be an aggregate of non profit blog posts.   null fundraising,nonprofit, Passione non profit is an Italian site. It appears to be an aggregate of non profit blog posts.  
This mashup allows users to share files with their Ning networks using Box.net.  null sharing,social,storage, This mashup allows users to share files with their Ning networks using Box.net. 
WippiW is a French critic photo platform. It collects your photos from Flickr or Picasa to post them to the site and get critical feedback and advice from other members. null education,france,french,photo,social, WippiW is a French critic photo platform. It collects your photos from Flickr or Picasa to post them to the site and get critical feedback and advice from other members.
A simple Google maps mashup calculating sailing distances in nautical miles. The map may be shared with friends through social media or email. Designed for the Greek islands but may be used for anywhere in the world.  null mapping,sailing,tools,travel, A simple Google maps mashup calculating sailing distances in nautical miles. The map may be shared with friends through social media or email. Designed for the Greek islands but may be used for anywhere in the world. 
Find properties in Australia from popular listing sites. Add properties to a favourites list, filter, comment, run reports, use Google maps, including street-view. null Australia,deadpool,mapping,realestate, Find properties in Australia from popular listing sites. Add properties to a favourites list, filter, comment, run reports, use Google maps, including street-view.
Improves the tasks of retrieving, organizing, and collaborating on content on the web. Translations, geographic maps, annotations or web fragment cutting integrate into your personal workflow. Everything you do is kept in shareable Contexts. null  Improves the tasks of retrieving, organizing, and collaborating on content on the web. Translations, geographic maps, annotations or web fragment cutting integrate into your personal workflow. Everything you do is kept in shareable Contexts.
Second thought is a dynamic image and text composition. You can choose any words to change the picture or the word. Uses APIs from Flickr, Summize and Twitter. null art,microblogging,photo,visualization, Second thought is a dynamic image and text composition. You can choose any words to change the picture or the word. Uses APIs from Flickr, Summize and Twitter.
&quot;What the author meant?&quot; - find song lyrics and interpretations, share your thoughts. null lyrics,meanings,music,song, &quot;What the author meant?&quot; - find song lyrics and interpretations, share your thoughts.
Browse Twitter-trending restaurants and bars in San Francisco, New York, LA and 10 more top Twitter cities. null food,local,mapping,restaurant,reviews,search, Browse Twitter-trending restaurants and bars in San Francisco, New York, LA and 10 more top Twitter cities.
Doctor.com helps people find local doctors who accept their health insurance. Uses customized Google Maps to display search results and use Geo-Targeting to detect visitors locations so search results they initially see are relevant. null mapping,medical,medicine, Doctor.com helps people find local doctors who accept their health insurance. Uses customized Google Maps to display search results and use Geo-Targeting to detect visitors locations so search results they initially see are relevant.
Parkour and freerunning related videos and their metadata are pulled from video sites, spam filtered, stored in a database, tweeted and categorized on Freeflow TV. The videos appear on the website instantly via Pusher. It is also possible to search the database. null parkour,sports,video,vimeo,youtube, Parkour and freerunning related videos and their metadata are pulled from video sites, spam filtered, stored in a database, tweeted and categorized on Freeflow TV. The videos appear on the website instantly via Pusher. It is also possible to search the database.
Get your daily dose of news, blogs, photos, discussions, bookmarks and videos related to the new iPhone by Apple. null deadpool,iPhone,photo,video, Get your daily dose of news, blogs, photos, discussions, bookmarks and videos related to the new iPhone by Apple.
A training log using Google Maps, Garmin MotionBased, OpenStreetMap, and lots of sports APIs. Formerly called RunSaturday. null mapping,sports, A training log using Google Maps, Garmin MotionBased, OpenStreetMap, and lots of sports APIs. Formerly called RunSaturday.
Instant Playlist uses Last.fm and The Hype Machine to generate playlists based on what you feel like listening to, then allows you to listen via Spotify. null instant,music,search,social, Instant Playlist uses Last.fm and The Hype Machine to generate playlists based on what you feel like listening to, then allows you to listen via Spotify.
Get the latest Jobs search updates from Jobster on your cell phone: SMS, Email and WAP. Search for jobs by providing a keyword and location and get results back. null deadpool,jobs,messaging,mobile, Get the latest Jobs search updates from Jobster on your cell phone: SMS, Email and WAP. Search for jobs by providing a keyword and location and get results back.
Interactive Travel Guide featuring 16,000+ destination guides, a full-screen interactive map, traveler reviews, videos, and 10,000+ photos. Combines Google Maps, WikiTravel, Wikipedia, Placeopedia, YouTube, and Google Video. null flights,hotels,mapping,travel,video, Interactive Travel Guide featuring 16,000+ destination guides, a full-screen interactive map, traveler reviews, videos, and 10,000+ photos. Combines Google Maps, WikiTravel, Wikipedia, Placeopedia, YouTube, and Google Video.
Create, share, upload, and store audio messages online for friends and creative uses. null audio,deadpool,messaging,photo,social, Create, share, upload, and store audio messages online for friends and creative uses.
A unique and powerful way to view and search eBay video game and system auctions, track the pricing data and popularity of systems and games, and view YouTube videos and Wikipedia pages. null auction,games,shopping,video,wikipedia, A unique and powerful way to view and search eBay video game and system auctions, track the pricing data and popularity of systems and games, and view YouTube videos and Wikipedia pages.
Explore 30 millions of songs & 700 000 Artists. Create playlists, share them on Facebook & Twitter. YOUZEEK also work on iPhone, iPad or Android device. For FREE!  null aggregator,music,search, Explore 30 millions of songs & 700 000 Artists. Create playlists, share them on Facebook & Twitter. YOUZEEK also work on iPhone, iPad or Android device. For FREE! 
ListnPlay allows users to make and share playlists of audio, video, albums or other people&#039;s playlists. null music,social,video, ListnPlay allows users to make and share playlists of audio, video, albums or other people&#039;s playlists.
Shows classrooms that need contributions by the location of the school. Click the marker and receive additional information about the project for which they are raising funds. null charity,education,mapping, Shows classrooms that need contributions by the location of the school. Click the marker and receive additional information about the project for which they are raising funds.
Uses the SharedBook Reverse Publishing Platform, multiple streams of data containing the obituary, guest book entries and family photos automatically flow from Legacy.com to SharedBook where the content is mapped into a structured book product. null books,family,photo, Uses the SharedBook Reverse Publishing Platform, multiple streams of data containing the obituary, guest book entries and family photos automatically flow from Legacy.com to SharedBook where the content is mapped into a structured book product.
Bu.llet.in is a data sharing application and a mashup engine to organize information under country, city and organization, known as geo. Check out what is going in your geo. null deadpool,news,search, Bu.llet.in is a data sharing application and a mashup engine to organize information under country, city and organization, known as geo. Check out what is going in your geo.
A service built on top of Twitter messages. You send out a tweet with GPS coordinates and tags for your location to @tweetaloc, and it is searchable there. null geocoding,location,mapping,microblogging,social,tweets, A service built on top of Twitter messages. You send out a tweet with GPS coordinates and tags for your location to @tweetaloc, and it is searchable there.
Using mashups to reach new heights, or new lows, in security. Uses HotOrNot pictures to create a visual captcha system. Prove you are a human. 2nd place winner at Mashup Camp 2. null deadpool,humor,security, Using mashups to reach new heights, or new lows, in security. Uses HotOrNot pictures to create a visual captcha system. Prove you are a human. 2nd place winner at Mashup Camp 2.
A Flex-based rich app for viewing current radar and state-based weather alerts. null alerts,deadpool,flash,Flex,weather, A Flex-based rich app for viewing current radar and state-based weather alerts.
Visual timeline of education and career history using LinkedIn API. null apihackdaypdx,jobs,resume, Visual timeline of education and career history using LinkedIn API.
Meta search engine mashup built as a high-school project. It allows you to create your own search engine where you can choose from 30+ sources you want to include in your results. null news,photo,search,shopping,video, Meta search engine mashup built as a high-school project. It allows you to create your own search engine where you can choose from 30+ sources you want to include in your results.
An interactive tool that tracks the flow of oil money in U.S. politics, displaying Federal contributions as maps and drillable tables. Shows members of congress and presidential races for multiple years. null congress,money,politics, An interactive tool that tracks the flow of oil money in U.S. politics, displaying Federal contributions as maps and drillable tables. Shows members of congress and presidential races for multiple years.
MeGlobe is a multiprotocol instant messaging application that applies real time language translation to any messages sent over its network. MeGlobe supports AOL, MSN and Yahoo chat networks in addition to its own. null chat,deadpool,language,messaging,realtime,Translation, MeGlobe is a multiprotocol instant messaging application that applies real time language translation to any messages sent over its network. MeGlobe supports AOL, MSN and Yahoo chat networks in addition to its own.
Mp32tube allows YouTube users to easily upload mp3s on youtube.com, as YouTube does not allow this feature. null mp3,music,upload, Mp32tube allows YouTube users to easily upload mp3s on youtube.com, as YouTube does not allow this feature.
Breaking news as it happens via twitter. null news,reference,search,social, Breaking news as it happens via twitter.
Display of all airports where incidents of pet losses, injuries or deaths have been reported. Clicking on an airport displays a listing incidents with access to the details. null animals,deadpool,mapping,travel, Display of all airports where incidents of pet losses, injuries or deaths have been reported. Clicking on an airport displays a listing incidents with access to the details.
Search Flickr and Yahoo for images at the same time. null deadpool,photo,search, Search Flickr and Yahoo for images at the same time.
A Feed to SIOC RDF conversion tool. Can input Atom, RDF and RSS feeds. null blog,deadpool,internet, A Feed to SIOC RDF conversion tool. Can input Atom, RDF and RSS feeds.
Agent locator using the ST_INTERSECTS statement of Google Fusion Tables. The Application shows the location of estate agents that speak english located in france. It displays this information on a map with a radius.   null france,mapping,realestate,search, Agent locator using the ST_INTERSECTS statement of Google Fusion Tables. The Application shows the location of estate agents that speak english located in france. It displays this information on a map with a radius.  
Publishes WiserEarth members activity on their Facebook profiles. null environment,facebook,social, Publishes WiserEarth members activity on their Facebook profiles.
GoodReader is a PDF previewing application for the iPhone, and this mashup allows users to view files in their Box accounts within GoodReader. null iPhone,mobile,pdf,storage, GoodReader is a PDF previewing application for the iPhone, and this mashup allows users to view files in their Box accounts within GoodReader.
Serena Business Mashup lets salespeople remain in Salesforce.com while being kept up-to-date regarding the status of their requests for discount approvals. null CRM,deadpool,enterprise,sales,Serena, Serena Business Mashup lets salespeople remain in Salesforce.com while being kept up-to-date regarding the status of their requests for discount approvals.
Scholarship Database uses Indeed and Google maps to create a job posting aggregate.  null education,jobs,scholarships, Scholarship Database uses Indeed and Google maps to create a job posting aggregate. 
TapGuest is a digital waitlist application for iPad and mobile phones that uses Twilio and Twilio SMS APIs. null messaging,mobile,reservations,restaurant,social, TapGuest is a digital waitlist application for iPad and mobile phones that uses Twilio and Twilio SMS APIs.
Dropped Call Alert lets you easily publish dropped call and data outage notifications to your twitter account. Instead of sending the data via the carrier&#039;s app you can share the problematic locations in a Web 2.0 way and let people construct maps of phone and data outages. null deadpool,iPhone,location,mobile, Dropped Call Alert lets you easily publish dropped call and data outage notifications to your twitter account. Instead of sending the data via the carrier&#039;s app you can share the problematic locations in a Web 2.0 way and let people construct maps of phone and data outages.
eBookXP uses Google&#039;s Ajax Libraries and Search API&#039;s designed to search eBooks, magazines, textbooks and online publication files available in websites, forums and blogs.  null reference,search,visualization, eBookXP uses Google&#039;s Ajax Libraries and Search API&#039;s designed to search eBooks, magazines, textbooks and online publication files available in websites, forums and blogs. 
General web directory of websites sorted by topic and listed in categories. Offers marketing opportunities to businesses and websites. null directory,enterprise,internet,marketing, General web directory of websites sorted by topic and listed in categories. Offers marketing opportunities to businesses and websites.
Save on shipping with this Yahoo Maps + eBay mashup to show auctions within your local zip code. null auction,mapping, Save on shipping with this Yahoo Maps + eBay mashup to show auctions within your local zip code.
A cool blend of digg.com and del.ico.us  See live updates of what is being dugg and what is being linked. null bookmarks,news, A cool blend of digg.com and del.ico.us  See live updates of what is being dugg and what is being linked.
YouSendPhotos.com provides online Digital Photo Print Services to Indian community all over the world to share their joys with their family members at cheaper rates. You just need to logon to your Facebook or even you can upload your pictures to yousendphotos.com website and then select your great pictures. Thats it, YouSendPhotos.com pick them from there, print in required format and Send Photo Prints to Your Home In India earlist possible. Yes, now with YouSendPhotos.com you can Send Quality Photos to India very easily from anyware and everywhere with affordable prices.  null messaging,photo,social, YouSendPhotos.com provides online Digital Photo Print Services to Indian community all over the world to share their joys with their family members at cheaper rates. You just need to logon to your Facebook or even you can upload your pictures to yousendphotos.com website and then select your great pictures. Thats it, YouSendPhotos.com pick them from there, print in required format and Send Photo Prints to Your Home In India earlist possible. Yes, now with YouSendPhotos.com you can Send Quality Photos to India very easily from anyware and everywhere with affordable prices. 
Get local news for your zip code with this mashup of Google Maps + Yahoo Geocoding + Google News RSS Feeds. null mapping,news, Get local news for your zip code with this mashup of Google Maps + Yahoo Geocoding + Google News RSS Feeds.
The PodNova service for finding and subscribing to podcasts easy uses uses the Feedburner Awareness API to create their Top 40 chart. null deadpool,podcast, The PodNova service for finding and subscribing to podcasts easy uses uses the Feedburner Awareness API to create their Top 40 chart.
A social network to share photos. It collects automatically all your photos and contacts from Facebook, Flickr and Picasa and allows you to share your photos with your friends whatever their website is. null photo,social, A social network to share photos. It collects automatically all your photos and contacts from Facebook, Flickr and Picasa and allows you to share your photos with your friends whatever their website is.
PicTell is a Geolenz + Panoramio mashup. Geotagged photos are requested from Panoramio and are annotated dynamically and on-the-fly with rich, contextual descriptions from the Geolenz contextual geocoding services. null deadpool,geocoding,gps,mapping,photo, PicTell is a Geolenz + Panoramio mashup. Geotagged photos are requested from Panoramio and are annotated dynamically and on-the-fly with rich, contextual descriptions from the Geolenz contextual geocoding services.
Social network for golfers around the world. A golf partner in each golf course. Weather forecast for golf clubs. null deadpool,golf,mapping,networking,social,sports, Social network for golfers around the world. A golf partner in each golf course. Weather forecast for golf clubs.
Use text messages instead of a checkbook to balance your checking account.  Instead of one person controlling a checkbook, both people can text their incoming and outgoing cash flow so chext can do the math and keep both of you up to date effortlessly. null messaging,mobile,reference,telephony, Use text messages instead of a checkbook to balance your checking account.  Instead of one person controlling a checkbook, both people can text their incoming and outgoing cash flow so chext can do the math and keep both of you up to date effortlessly.
Reads your location from FireEagle as you move and automatically pushes status updates to Facebook or generates a personal GeoRSS feed. Recent locations can also be displayed on a map and linked from status updates with nearby wikipedia entries. null deadpool,GeoRSS,mapping,reference,social,wiki, Reads your location from FireEagle as you move and automatically pushes status updates to Facebook or generates a personal GeoRSS feed. Recent locations can also be displayed on a map and linked from status updates with nearby wikipedia entries.
Search for any product on amazon and visualize its 2-level deep similarity web in Flash. Nice visualization null search,shopping, Search for any product on amazon and visualize its 2-level deep similarity web in Flash. Nice visualization
Simple graphs of your social connections and your friends&#039; favorite music and movies on a single page. Get started by logging in with your Facebook account. null reference,social,visualization, Simple graphs of your social connections and your friends&#039; favorite music and movies on a single page. Get started by logging in with your Facebook account.
Enter a URL, choose a rhyme scheme, and Random Poem Generator creates a poem or haiku from any website and reads it to you.    null fun, Enter a URL, choose a rhyme scheme, and Random Poem Generator creates a poem or haiku from any website and reads it to you.   
Get some shiny stats about countries, cities and industries your contacts are from. null enterprise,social,socialgraph,statistics, Get some shiny stats about countries, cities and industries your contacts are from.
Track USPS shipments with Google Maps. Get package details instantly. null USPS, Track USPS shipments with Google Maps. Get package details instantly.
Slick user interface allows you to sort through the data supplied by trulia.com to find the house you want. TruDat also incoporates a images from flickr.com. null deadpool,mapping,photo,realestate, Slick user interface allows you to sort through the data supplied by trulia.com to find the house you want. TruDat also incoporates a images from flickr.com.
Preview the new links at dzone.com using this Google gadget. Dynamically add or remove tabs for the tag of your interest from the tag cloud. null bookmarks,code,widgets, Preview the new links at dzone.com using this Google gadget. Dynamically add or remove tabs for the tag of your interest from the tag cloud.
Homes for sale plus research tool for discovering regional or individual home sales statistics, neighborhood and school information. null deadpool,mapping,realestate, Homes for sale plus research tool for discovering regional or individual home sales statistics, neighborhood and school information.
eCommazon is a complete platform-independent customer relationship management (CRM) mashup. Available to multi-channel online retailers for Amazon Marketplace and Amazon Web Store integration; companies can manage all customer service and support operations from a single source and entirely within salesforce.com&#039;s Service Cloud 2. null CRM,retail,shopping, eCommazon is a complete platform-independent customer relationship management (CRM) mashup. Available to multi-channel online retailers for Amazon Marketplace and Amazon Web Store integration; companies can manage all customer service and support operations from a single source and entirely within salesforce.com&#039;s Service Cloud 2.
400 virtual images of places to visit on the island of Sardinia, Italy. See 360 degree panoramas of historical sites, resorts, coastlines, and countryside. Where to stay, what to do, events, and festivals. null italy,mapping,photo,sardinia,travel, 400 virtual images of places to visit on the island of Sardinia, Italy. See 360 degree panoramas of historical sites, resorts, coastlines, and countryside. Where to stay, what to do, events, and festivals.
Map of Forbes list of the top 100 most powerful and best paid celebrities. Pop-up windows for each includes related YouTube videos. null celebrities,fun,mapping,money,video, Map of Forbes list of the top 100 most powerful and best paid celebrities. Pop-up windows for each includes related YouTube videos.
All 2 million of the USGS datapoints are mapped out in paged results. Over 60 different types of locations including lakes, rivers, craters, glaciers for all 50 States. null deadpool,mapping,reference,science,search, All 2 million of the USGS datapoints are mapped out in paged results. Over 60 different types of locations including lakes, rivers, craters, glaciers for all 50 States.
Horror community where users can rate and comment on movies, books and games. Users also have the ability to purchase items through Amazon. null movies,shopping,social,video, Horror community where users can rate and comment on movies, books and games. Users also have the ability to purchase items through Amazon.
Supermetrics Data Grabber fetches your Google Analytics, AdWords, Bing Ads, Facebook & YouTube data to MS Excel on Windows and Mac. Eliminate time-consuming manual data fetching, processing and visualization work. Designed especially for people working with lots of sites / PPC campaigns / Facebook pages, to make it easier to get all the data in one place.  null analytics,Data,visualization, Supermetrics Data Grabber fetches your Google Analytics, AdWords, Bing Ads, Facebook & YouTube data to MS Excel on Windows and Mac. Eliminate time-consuming manual data fetching, processing and visualization work. Designed especially for people working with lots of sites / PPC campaigns / Facebook pages, to make it easier to get all the data in one place. 
Thank to discogs users can choose their favorite cds to make gifts to their friends. null music,social, Thank to discogs users can choose their favorite cds to make gifts to their friends.
Spanish price comparison site for the best merchants online. Uses several APIs. null comparison,shopping, Spanish price comparison site for the best merchants online. Uses several APIs.
Import your attendees as leads or contacts into Eventbrite null CRM,enterprise,events, Import your attendees as leads or contacts into Eventbrite
NZFlats.co.nz uses the Zoomin API to Mashup rental New Zealand property listings on the Zoomin mapping system. null deadpool,mapping,newzealand,realestate, NZFlats.co.nz uses the Zoomin API to Mashup rental New Zealand property listings on the Zoomin mapping system.
A worldwide ticket search and price comparison site with a map covering concerts, theatres, sports and tourism. Find and compare tickets from Stub Hub, eBay and more. View tour maps on the Google Map and watch related Google videos. null events,music,shopping,sports,theatre,travel, A worldwide ticket search and price comparison site with a map covering concerts, theatres, sports and tourism. Find and compare tickets from Stub Hub, eBay and more. View tour maps on the Google Map and watch related Google videos.
The bogomash mashup is a buy one get one free promotions aggregator. null aggregator,promotions,shopping, The bogomash mashup is a buy one get one free promotions aggregator.
Christian Colleges and Universities endorsed by Lakeview Church of Christ. null deadpool,mapping,religion, Christian Colleges and Universities endorsed by Lakeview Church of Christ.
JoLocate puts Craigslist on a map. It offers an intuitive interface, as well as more complete Craigslist listings. null craigslist,mapping,realestate, JoLocate puts Craigslist on a map. It offers an intuitive interface, as well as more complete Craigslist listings.
Displaying open data from major Canadian cities (ottawa/vancouver/toronto etc.) on a map.   null deadpool,local,mapping,search, Displaying open data from major Canadian cities (ottawa/vancouver/toronto etc.) on a map.  
Advanced Craigslist search engine and real-time Twitter stream. Search all of Craigslist, Backpage, and Kijiji. Narrow results by region, refine by category, and more. null craigslist,microblogging,search,shopping, Advanced Craigslist search engine and real-time Twitter stream. Search all of Craigslist, Backpage, and Kijiji. Narrow results by region, refine by category, and more.
Taaza.com is one of the leading job search engine sites in India which aggregates jobs from all leading job sites in the country. Taaza is a multi-dimensional Indian portal that has various sections like jobs, travel guide, personal finance, online classifieds and news. Taaza also owns a US focused job aggregating site - usjobs.com   null india,jobs,search, Taaza.com is one of the leading job search engine sites in India which aggregates jobs from all leading job sites in the country. Taaza is a multi-dimensional Indian portal that has various sections like jobs, travel guide, personal finance, online classifieds and news. Taaza also owns a US focused job aggregating site - usjobs.com  
With this GoogleMaps mashup, you can see exactly where your hotel at Copacabana Beach, Brazil would be, with photos, videos, and online reservation directly from the map, ranked from the hotels on the beach to the hostels elsewere in Copacabana. null brazil,mapping,photo,travel,video, With this GoogleMaps mashup, you can see exactly where your hotel at Copacabana Beach, Brazil would be, with photos, videos, and online reservation directly from the map, ranked from the hotels on the beach to the hostels elsewere in Copacabana.
This map shows all the piracy and armed robbery incidents reported to the IMB Piracy Reporting Centre during 2008. Zoom-in and click on the pointers to view more information of an individual attack. null crime,deadpool,mapping,piracy,travel, This map shows all the piracy and armed robbery incidents reported to the IMB Piracy Reporting Centre during 2008. Zoom-in and click on the pointers to view more information of an individual attack.
Use your existing Skype account to connect to your friends in Google Earth and take them along with you. When you move in Google Earth on your computer, your friend moves in Google Earth in real time on his or her computer. null chat,deadpool,mapping,phone, Use your existing Skype account to connect to your friends in Google Earth and take them along with you. When you move in Google Earth on your computer, your friend moves in Google Earth in real time on his or her computer.
A mashup using Google Maps and Flickr. Finds images taken from Canon cameras with geo-locations. null deadpool,mapping,photo, A mashup using Google Maps and Flickr. Finds images taken from Canon cameras with geo-locations.
Use this app to view a web of similar books for any book on Amazon. null reference,search,shopping, Use this app to view a web of similar books for any book on Amazon.
Nice, searchable database and map of renewable energy projects from around the world. Here is an opportunity to celebrate and learn about the impact individuals and organizations create a renewable energy community. null energy,mapping,science, Nice, searchable database and map of renewable energy projects from around the world. Here is an opportunity to celebrate and learn about the impact individuals and organizations create a renewable energy community.
Garage Sale Organizer is an application to map out Garage Sales in your area. Registration is required. Also features export formats in XML, GPX, and most GPS formats. null deadpool,gps,mapping,shopping, Garage Sale Organizer is an application to map out Garage Sales in your area. Registration is required. Also features export formats in XML, GPX, and most GPS formats.
Get the latest advisories on your cell phone real time using a WAP capable phone. Simply point your mobile phone browser to 411sync.com and use the keyword sdadvisory. null california,crisis,deadpool,mobile,WAP,wildfires, Get the latest advisories on your cell phone real time using a WAP capable phone. Simply point your mobile phone browser to 411sync.com and use the keyword sdadvisory.
Search for online video and movies and display twitts and various info about the movie you&#039;re looking for null movie,television,video, Search for online video and movies and display twitts and various info about the movie you&#039;re looking for
A real-time geographic visualization of posts to Twitter. null 3d,chat,mapping,messaging, A real-time geographic visualization of posts to Twitter.
Searchable application for nurse recruitment campaign. Users can narrow results with multiple search parameters and are provided with facility information, a map, demographics and the ability to save sites as favorites. null census,Flex,health,jobs,mapping,reference, Searchable application for nurse recruitment campaign. Users can narrow results with multiple search parameters and are provided with facility information, a map, demographics and the ability to save sites as favorites.
Resource for hikers that combines Amazon product data with online resources for camping and trail information. null shopping,sports, Resource for hikers that combines Amazon product data with online resources for camping and trail information.
This integration allows Box users to send documents directly to Live Documents, edit them, and save them back to Box. null business,documents,enterprise, This integration allows Box users to send documents directly to Live Documents, edit them, and save them back to Box.
MapOfVideo lets you find videos and Wikipedia articles related to a specific location identified using Google Maps. Winner of AOL Truveo video mashup contest. null contest,mapping,video,wiki,wikipedia, MapOfVideo lets you find videos and Wikipedia articles related to a specific location identified using Google Maps. Winner of AOL Truveo video mashup contest.
WordPress & Commission Junction Working Together. This WordPress Plugin is for search, analysis and promoting. You can manage your CJ account from within your WordPress blog. null blog,deadpool,shopping,wordpress, WordPress & Commission Junction Working Together. This WordPress Plugin is for search, analysis and promoting. You can manage your CJ account from within your WordPress blog.
Find out which candidate is most actively discussing subjects that interest you. This widget tells you how many news stories on yahoo contain a candidate name and your search phrase for the past 7 days. The widget uses the Yahoo BOSS API. null news,politics,search,usa, Find out which candidate is most actively discussing subjects that interest you. This widget tells you how many news stories on yahoo contain a candidate name and your search phrase for the past 7 days. The widget uses the Yahoo BOSS API.
Uses Ebay API (more on the way) to offer instant searching of the Ebay Marketplace. null instant,shopping, Uses Ebay API (more on the way) to offer instant searching of the Ebay Marketplace.
Healthy Lemur is an app that lets you publicly commit to exercise:  - Link your foursquare account - Select the number of days per week that you&#039;re going to exercise - Link your facebook and/or twitter accounts  And you&#039;re all set! We will track every time you go to the gym and every Monday, we will post on facebook and/or twitter account if you have reached your goal (or we will shame you publicly if you haven&#039;t!) null exercise,fun,Gym,health,self-being,social, Healthy Lemur is an app that lets you publicly commit to exercise:  - Link your foursquare account - Select the number of days per week that you&#039;re going to exercise - Link your facebook and/or twitter accounts  And you&#039;re all set! We will track every time you go to the gym and every Monday, we will post on facebook and/or twitter account if you have reached your goal (or we will shame you publicly if you haven&#039;t!)
Find out if you&#039;re an early adopter. This mashup checks your accounts to see how early you joined in comparison to other users.  null fun,social,tools,vanity, Find out if you&#039;re an early adopter. This mashup checks your accounts to see how early you joined in comparison to other users. 
Everybody loves kittens so put some kittens on your iGoogle page. With Flickr photos. null cats,deadpool,pets,photo,widgets, Everybody loves kittens so put some kittens on your iGoogle page. With Flickr photos.
See whats moving in the Indian stock market real time on your WAP capable phone. View this information from anywhere in the world by using the keyword baseindia. null deadpool,finance,india,mobile,stocks,WAP, See whats moving in the Indian stock market real time on your WAP capable phone. View this information from anywhere in the world by using the keyword baseindia.
An interesting mix of USCIS immigration data which shows job locations, salaries, etc. Special focus on H1B-visa jobs. Can be used to compare your salary to other people. null india,jobs,mapping,nyc,salary,search, An interesting mix of USCIS immigration data which shows job locations, salaries, etc. Special focus on H1B-visa jobs. Can be used to compare your salary to other people.
A Minecraft mod that adds tracking of carbon emissions using AMEE. null carbon,climate,environment,fun,games, A Minecraft mod that adds tracking of carbon emissions using AMEE.
A social community for travelers.  Create travel blogs, post your photos & videos, review destinations, befriend other travelers, share with your friends. null mapping,photo,reviews,travel,video, A social community for travelers.  Create travel blogs, post your photos & videos, review destinations, befriend other travelers, share with your friends.
Real time image search powered by twitter and twitpic APIs. Integrates with Tumblr too. null microblogging,photo,realtime,search,social, Real time image search powered by twitter and twitpic APIs. Integrates with Tumblr too.
See local area information for major us cities. See the age distribution in my city, the price per square foot, and other data. Find out by looking at this widget displaying data from Zillow.com. null demographics,realestate,widgets, See local area information for major us cities. See the age distribution in my city, the price per square foot, and other data. Find out by looking at this widget displaying data from Zillow.com.
A website that elicits the personal preference of a user to determine the most liveable city according to the EIU indicators. The website is an entry into the Best City in the World Contest (http://buzzdata.com/best-city-contest). The contest entry can be found here: http://buzzdata.com/haz/best-city-contest-christian-muise null realestate,search, A website that elicits the personal preference of a user to determine the most liveable city according to the EIU indicators. The website is an entry into the Best City in the World Contest (http://buzzdata.com/best-city-contest). The contest entry can be found here: http://buzzdata.com/haz/best-city-contest-christian-muise
TextWeight is a simple way to track and see your body weight over time. The service will send you a text message in the morning; reply with your weight. Login to the site anytime to see a graph of your weight. null health,messaging,mobile,reference, TextWeight is a simple way to track and see your body weight over time. The service will send you a text message in the morning; reply with your weight. Login to the site anytime to see a graph of your weight.
Health information aggregator. null answers,health, Health information aggregator.
Check any national or international flights via your mobile. Send in a flights tail number i.e. NZ1 to YouTXTs 8808 shortcode and check for a flights real-time arrival, departure and delay information. null airlines,flights,messaging,sms,travel, Check any national or international flights via your mobile. Send in a flights tail number i.e. NZ1 to YouTXTs 8808 shortcode and check for a flights real-time arrival, departure and delay information.
Displays all of the farm shop and farmers markets in the UK. Search by postal code. null deadpool,local,mapping, Displays all of the farm shop and farmers markets in the UK. Search by postal code.
Founded in 2010, WikiOrgCharts is a cloud based Social CRM tool that solves one of the last problems in business focused networking; how companies and government agencies are structured. WikiOrgCharts provides access to anyone looking to learn about and share information about company organizational structures.  At WikiOrgCharts, we believe that transparency helps to grow business. Web 2.0 practices such as information sharing, interoperability and collaboration and becoming business practices. Barriers finding non-proprietary business information can cause companies to lose business. null CRM,employment,enterprise,reference, Founded in 2010, WikiOrgCharts is a cloud based Social CRM tool that solves one of the last problems in business focused networking; how companies and government agencies are structured. WikiOrgCharts provides access to anyone looking to learn about and share information about company organizational structures.  At WikiOrgCharts, we believe that transparency helps to grow business. Web 2.0 practices such as information sharing, interoperability and collaboration and becoming business practices. Barriers finding non-proprietary business information can cause companies to lose business.
Find interactive data graphs for top countries leading in energy production from renewable, hydro, nuclear and fossil energy sources. Data is from carma.org. null energy,environment,green,nuclear,widgets, Find interactive data graphs for top countries leading in energy production from renewable, hydro, nuclear and fossil energy sources. Data is from carma.org.
A dyanamic collection of celebrity photo galleries. Data comes from Yahoo Image Search and Yahoo Search. null celebrity,deadpool,movies,photo,television, A dyanamic collection of celebrity photo galleries. Data comes from Yahoo Image Search and Yahoo Search.
A dashboard for online marketing for small to medium sized businesses. Connects with Google, Yahoo, MSN, and Facebook so that advertisers can manage their online advertising from 1 account. null ads,advertising,deadpool,enterprise,marketing,social, A dashboard for online marketing for small to medium sized businesses. Connects with Google, Yahoo, MSN, and Facebook so that advertisers can manage their online advertising from 1 account.
This is a mashup of Google Calendar and Rhapsody. In other words, its a fancy Javascript Alarm Clock. It will read your Google Calendar for specially formatted calendar events and when the time comes it plays the track specified. v1 is FireFox only. null calendar,deadpool,music,utility, This is a mashup of Google Calendar and Rhapsody. In other words, its a fancy Javascript Alarm Clock. It will read your Google Calendar for specially formatted calendar events and when the time comes it plays the track specified. v1 is FireFox only.
Visualizes what&#039;s currently playing on your radio station and maps the artists to their place of residence or origin. You can also add your last.fm recently played tracks. null artist,mapping,music,radio,visualization, Visualizes what&#039;s currently playing on your radio station and maps the artists to their place of residence or origin. You can also add your last.fm recently played tracks.
Upload GPS data and show GPS points on a Google Map. null deadpool,gps,mapping, Upload GPS data and show GPS points on a Google Map.
The blueorganizer is the smart browser extension for Firefox. With this organizer the web turns into everyday objects like books, cars, restaurants and movies. Collect things with 1 click, find new information and share what you find with your friends. null bookmarks,books,firefox,movies,music,smart_browser, The blueorganizer is the smart browser extension for Firefox. With this organizer the web turns into everyday objects like books, cars, restaurants and movies. Collect things with 1 click, find new information and share what you find with your friends.
Interactive Map of FCAT Scores by School, District and Zip Code.  FCAT Stands for Florida Comprehensive Assessment Test.  Uses Google Maps and the MapLarge API null education,florida,MapLarge,mapping, Interactive Map of FCAT Scores by School, District and Zip Code.  FCAT Stands for Florida Comprehensive Assessment Test.  Uses Google Maps and the MapLarge API
GoTime syncs with your iPhone calendar and address book and uses your iPhone GPS to determine travel time to upcoming calendar events. GoTime alerts you before you need to leave for appointments and then shows you where to go. Keeps travel time estimates up-to-date based on your current location, even if that location changes throughout the day. null calendar,mapping,messaging,mobile, GoTime syncs with your iPhone calendar and address book and uses your iPhone GPS to determine travel time to upcoming calendar events. GoTime alerts you before you need to leave for appointments and then shows you where to go. Keeps travel time estimates up-to-date based on your current location, even if that location changes throughout the day.
This map and graph displays over 1500 marine vessel observations in Southern California. Vessels can be filtered by type, activity, and date of observation. Additional layers include Marine Protected Areas and Areas of Special Biological Significance. null california,charts,deadpool,environment,mapping,marine, This map and graph displays over 1500 marine vessel observations in Southern California. Vessels can be filtered by type, activity, and date of observation. Additional layers include Marine Protected Areas and Areas of Special Biological Significance.
Use the TV Map to find out when your TV stations are converting to Digital Broadcast. null dtv,MapLarge,mapping,television, Use the TV Map to find out when your TV stations are converting to Digital Broadcast.
Whiteboard HD is a drawing application for the iPad. Through its integration with Box.net, users can important pictures from their Box account to be used in Whiteboard and save their drawings from Whiteboard to Box. null ipad,office,storage, Whiteboard HD is a drawing application for the iPad. Through its integration with Box.net, users can important pictures from their Box account to be used in Whiteboard and save their drawings from Whiteboard to Box.
Social travel guide using Foursquare, GeoNames and Google Maps. null fun,social,travel, Social travel guide using Foursquare, GeoNames and Google Maps.
Recordlective combines various sources to provide music fans the ability to stream music albums from start to finish. null aggregator,music,search,streaming,tools, Recordlective combines various sources to provide music fans the ability to stream music albums from start to finish.
The portfolio site of Ideum, an exhibit and Web design firm that specializes in multitouch and social media. Using WordPress and Flash. null flash,photo,video, The portfolio site of Ideum, an exhibit and Web design firm that specializes in multitouch and social media. Using WordPress and Flash.
Sightseeing via a World Video Map. Watch and map videos on Google Maps and Google Earth. null mapping,travel,video, Sightseeing via a World Video Map. Watch and map videos on Google Maps and Google Earth.
Zoomable mashup of Google Maps, Virtual Earth and other satellite imagery through a Flash application. Try rotating the compass or building a permanent link to a location. null mapping, Zoomable mashup of Google Maps, Virtual Earth and other satellite imagery through a Flash application. Try rotating the compass or building a permanent link to a location.
InDash allows you to manage and process your incoming text messages. It lets you quickly setup a dashboard for your Nexmo incoming numbers. You can configure SMS forwards to email / URLs or setup keyword-based auto-responders. null dashboard,management,messaging,sms, InDash allows you to manage and process your incoming text messages. It lets you quickly setup a dashboard for your Nexmo incoming numbers. You can configure SMS forwards to email / URLs or setup keyword-based auto-responders.
See in realtime the Twitter chatter about Hurricane Ike and the videos posted on YouTube. null deadpool,hurricanes,microblogging,realtime,video,weather, See in realtime the Twitter chatter about Hurricane Ike and the videos posted on YouTube.
Polaris is a cross platform desktop Google Analytics widget built using the Adobe AIR environment. With 8 standard reports it lets you keep your data always instantly available.  null air,analytics,Flex,internet,metrics,widgets, Polaris is a cross platform desktop Google Analytics widget built using the Adobe AIR environment. With 8 standard reports it lets you keep your data always instantly available. 
5th Bar is a new way to avoid getting the wrong phone again. Find and share reviews and information about mobile phones, cell phone carriers, and accessories. Mashup content from YouTube, eBay, Amazon, and CNET. null auction,mobile,shopping,video, 5th Bar is a new way to avoid getting the wrong phone again. Find and share reviews and information about mobile phones, cell phone carriers, and accessories. Mashup content from YouTube, eBay, Amazon, and CNET.
Search Zillow for estimates from your cell phone using SMS, WAP and Email. Configure alerts and get notified real time as estimates change. Simply use the keyword zillow and provide the address of the property. null messaging,mobile,realestate, Search Zillow for estimates from your cell phone using SMS, WAP and Email. Configure alerts and get notified real time as estimates change. Simply use the keyword zillow and provide the address of the property.
Mashup of Last.fm and the Feedburner FeedFlare API. Shows the last song listened to by the blog owner on Last.fm along with a user profile link. null blog,deadpool,music,rss, Mashup of Last.fm and the Feedburner FeedFlare API. Shows the last song listened to by the blog owner on Last.fm along with a user profile link.
Twikle is a news aggregator showing the most shared content on social networks. Twikle analyses the contents that are the most shared on social networks and groups together the articles thematically.  When clicking on a title you directly access to the website that has published the matching article. Articles are selected and classified by a computer program which is supported by various factors, such as the number of times articles have been shared on social networks and the topic of the articles. Some articles are grouped together by keywords. These keywords are generated by a computer program analyzing wordsa?? frequency of occurrence in the articles and in the messages created on social networks.  null aggregator,news,search,social, Twikle is a news aggregator showing the most shared content on social networks. Twikle analyses the contents that are the most shared on social networks and groups together the articles thematically.  When clicking on a title you directly access to the website that has published the matching article. Articles are selected and classified by a computer program which is supported by various factors, such as the number of times articles have been shared on social networks and the topic of the articles. Some articles are grouped together by keywords. These keywords are generated by a computer program analyzing wordsa?? frequency of occurrence in the articles and in the messages created on social networks. 
Save and share your favorite restaurants, or use the tag cloud to see others favorites. In Italian. null food,italy,mapping,restaurant, Save and share your favorite restaurants, or use the tag cloud to see others favorites. In Italian.
Wijng is a language portal that uses mashed content as lessons. null education,languages,Translation,video, Wijng is a language portal that uses mashed content as lessons.
LinkSensor semantically analyzes pages on-the-fly and highlights key concepts in the text. When your mouse is over a highlighted word, LinkSensor suggests other relevant articles from the blog or other sources. Can be used for contextually relevant ads. null ads,advertising,blog,concepts,contextual,semantic, LinkSensor semantically analyzes pages on-the-fly and highlights key concepts in the text. When your mouse is over a highlighted word, LinkSensor suggests other relevant articles from the blog or other sources. Can be used for contextually relevant ads.
PostalMethods snail-mail app allows a Salesforce user to send postal letters directly from Salesforce using pre-designed templates merging Salesforce data. Add letter sending as part of your sales and support flow. null office,postal,sales, PostalMethods snail-mail app allows a Salesforce user to send postal letters directly from Salesforce using pre-designed templates merging Salesforce data. Add letter sending as part of your sales and support flow.
An extension for Firefox and Chrome that lets you translate anything anywhere. Twitter, Facebook and most forums are supported with a one-click-translation so that you don&#039;t need to select the text that you want to translate. Also available as a bookmarklet. null bookmarklet,chrome,firefox,Translation,widgets, An extension for Firefox and Chrome that lets you translate anything anywhere. Twitter, Facebook and most forums are supported with a one-click-translation so that you don&#039;t need to select the text that you want to translate. Also available as a bookmarklet.
MusicPortl is a music information portal, displaying much info on the artist you are searching for, including bio, similar artists, photos, releases and more while still keeping good page loading times by loading most of the info after display via ajax. null music,photo,reference,search,shopping, MusicPortl is a music information portal, displaying much info on the artist you are searching for, including bio, similar artists, photos, releases and more while still keeping good page loading times by loading most of the info after display via ajax.
Whaddado is a Social bookmarking site for events and things to do Whaddado, add your fav websites, create lists and share them with friends.  Discover new things to do and follow our experts to find out the coolest things around the world. null bookmarks,events,social, Whaddado is a Social bookmarking site for events and things to do Whaddado, add your fav websites, create lists and share them with friends.  Discover new things to do and follow our experts to find out the coolest things around the world.
Web based music player, similar to iTunes or Winamp. No need to download anything. Songs live from Youtube and Soundcloud.  null artist,band,deadpool,music,songs,video, Web based music player, similar to iTunes or Winamp. No need to download anything. Songs live from Youtube and Soundcloud. 
DUIMap.org is Google map based a heat map showing concentrations of fatal DUI accidents.  The purpose of the map is to highlight the most dangerous areas where drunk driving accidents occur. null dui,flash,MapLarge,mapping,travel, DUIMap.org is Google map based a heat map showing concentrations of fatal DUI accidents.  The purpose of the map is to highlight the most dangerous areas where drunk driving accidents occur.
ActorTracker takes feeds of upcoming television shows, movies and celebrity news combined into a shopping experience with merchandise from Amazon and eBay null auction,movies,shopping,television,video, ActorTracker takes feeds of upcoming television shows, movies and celebrity news combined into a shopping experience with merchandise from Amazon and eBay
Share a website link to your phone via SMS.  null search,sms,social,tools, Share a website link to your phone via SMS. 
A maps and events mashup using the MapQuest and EVDB APIs. Enter a location to get a map of the area and then find local events. null deadpool,events,mapping, A maps and events mashup using the MapQuest and EVDB APIs. Enter a location to get a map of the area and then find local events.
Using the Google Maps Flash API RiskyRoads.org maps the concentration of fatal accidents that occur within 1000 feet of one another. The result is a heat map that emphasizes the country&#039;s worst hot spots for traffic fatalities. null accidents,MapLarge,mapping,traffic,travel, Using the Google Maps Flash API RiskyRoads.org maps the concentration of fatal accidents that occur within 1000 feet of one another. The result is a heat map that emphasizes the country&#039;s worst hot spots for traffic fatalities.
The jSh3ll is a Java based command shell for managing your Amazon S3 objects.It is built upon the Amazon S3 REST Java library and uses modified source code from the Amazon S3Shell. jSh3ll is opensource and runs on Java 5. null deadpool,storage, The jSh3ll is a Java based command shell for managing your Amazon S3 objects.It is built upon the Amazon S3 REST Java library and uses modified source code from the Amazon S3Shell. jSh3ll is opensource and runs on Java 5.
Converts between all major currencies using the latest exchange rates, including United States Dollar (USD), Euro (EUR), Japanese Yen (JPY), Chinese Yuan (CNY), British Pound (GBP), Canadian Dollar (CAD), Australian Dollar (AUD) and more. null converter,currency,finance,Foreign,money, Converts between all major currencies using the latest exchange rates, including United States Dollar (USD), Euro (EUR), Japanese Yen (JPY), Chinese Yuan (CNY), British Pound (GBP), Canadian Dollar (CAD), Australian Dollar (AUD) and more.
Trending products and deals as seen on Twitter. Integrates with Amazon and Google APIs. null books,deadpool,microblogging,music,shopping, Trending products and deals as seen on Twitter. Integrates with Amazon and Google APIs.
A novel browsing interface designed for Freebase . null reference,search,social, A novel browsing interface designed for Freebase .
Mashup of the Findory News API, Google Maps and Yahoo Finance to provide news search, driving directions and stock quotes, provided as an interactive AIM messenger, bot and e-mail bot. null deadpool,email,finance,news, Mashup of the Findory News API, Google Maps and Yahoo Finance to provide news search, driving directions and stock quotes, provided as an interactive AIM messenger, bot and e-mail bot.
Fundoo Web is a mashup search tool to retrieve information from several sources at once: Flickr, Yahoo Answers, Yahoo Search and others. null deadpool,search, Fundoo Web is a mashup search tool to retrieve information from several sources at once: Flickr, Yahoo Answers, Yahoo Search and others.
Do location-aware searches. Gets your location either by Gears Geolocation protocol for location by IP or WiMAX Open Source Connection Manager from Clearwire. Both Yahoo and Google mapped results. A beta Adobe AIR desktop app. null deadpool,Flex,local,mapping,wimax, Do location-aware searches. Gets your location either by Gears Geolocation protocol for location by IP or WiMAX Open Source Connection Manager from Clearwire. Both Yahoo and Google mapped results. A beta Adobe AIR desktop app.
Send and receive SMS text messages from Microsoft Outlook. Get Outlook appointment reminders and important messages forwarded to your phone. null calendar,events,messaging,mobile,phone,sms, Send and receive SMS text messages from Microsoft Outlook. Get Outlook appointment reminders and important messages forwarded to your phone.
Plots the location of upcoming Grand Prix races, taken from Google Calendar, on a map. null calendar,deadpool,mapping,racing,sports, Plots the location of upcoming Grand Prix races, taken from Google Calendar, on a map.
Use Google Maps to easily find the closest Starbucks. Browse a directory of Starbucks locations by state and city, and then get reviews for a location. null charts,food,mapping,Twitter, Use Google Maps to easily find the closest Starbucks. Browse a directory of Starbucks locations by state and city, and then get reviews for a location.
Wiki by phone gives you access to wikipedia articles via any phone. null deadpool,telephony,Voice,wikipedia, Wiki by phone gives you access to wikipedia articles via any phone.
Update your Fitbit with Twitter and Nike+ workouts. Receive statistics instantly. null nike,reference,social,sports, Update your Fitbit with Twitter and Nike+ workouts. Receive statistics instantly.
Simulate NFL passer ratings for your favorite quarterback. See how could he have achieved a better rating. The widget uses live data from dapper.net. null football,nfl,sports,widgets, Simulate NFL passer ratings for your favorite quarterback. See how could he have achieved a better rating. The widget uses live data from dapper.net.
Search over 400,000 pets for sale in your area, find nearby vets and kennels. null mapping,pets,search,shopping, Search over 400,000 pets for sale in your area, find nearby vets and kennels.
4sqwifi enables users to find nearby WiFi hotspots along with the password. It works for locations worldwide. It uses Foursquare&#039;s API and its user-generated venue tips. null internet,local,wifi, 4sqwifi enables users to find nearby WiFi hotspots along with the password. It works for locations worldwide. It uses Foursquare&#039;s API and its user-generated venue tips.
Parto Subito is a travel site that aggregates search results and sorts primarily by destination.  null hotel,search,travel, Parto Subito is a travel site that aggregates search results and sorts primarily by destination. 
This plugin pulls data from a variety of sources and correlates it together along with stats about your blog.  See trends and find reasons for spikes in traffic null blog,Data,social,traffic, This plugin pulls data from a variety of sources and correlates it together along with stats about your blog.  See trends and find reasons for spikes in traffic
Simple chart displaying one year of historic stock data. This is a chart based on the default CSV import from Google Finance. You can add start and end date to the URL to get more data. null charts,finance,stocks,widgets, Simple chart displaying one year of historic stock data. This is a chart based on the default CSV import from Google Finance. You can add start and end date to the URL to get more data.
A cool Google Maps and Tour de France mash-up: Displays drivers data live on a interactive map. And you can can even follow the bike position. Heart beat, speed, stress points, distance, power and current position are tracked. null bicycle,france,mapping,sports, A cool Google Maps and Tour de France mash-up: Displays drivers data live on a interactive map. And you can can even follow the bike position. Heart beat, speed, stress points, distance, power and current position are tracked.
Map service for finding photos, videos, news stories, wiki articles, blogs, hotels, flights, events, and anything else we can about your world. null mapping,photos,social,video, Map service for finding photos, videos, news stories, wiki articles, blogs, hotels, flights, events, and anything else we can about your world.
Local car classified search using Google Base combined with a database of city names. null auction,cars,classifieds,shopping, Local car classified search using Google Base combined with a database of city names.
Global display of METAR weather observations, aimed at weather enthusiasts, aviators or anyone else that wants to see a spacial view of weather conditions. Latest TAF information can be viewed for selected airports, as well as the latest 36hours worth of METAR reports.  null aviation,METARS,meteorology,observations,sailing,weather, Global display of METAR weather observations, aimed at weather enthusiasts, aviators or anyone else that wants to see a spacial view of weather conditions. Latest TAF information can be viewed for selected airports, as well as the latest 36hours worth of METAR reports. 
Newzingo watches Google News for new stories, extracts related tags and displays them in a cloud. The bigger the tag, the more stories are about its topic. null deadpool,news, Newzingo watches Google News for new stories, extracts related tags and displays them in a cloud. The bigger the tag, the more stories are about its topic.
Monitors your Skype subscription usage in real time and also reports FUP - Fair Usage Policy - violations during the current month. Helps avoid having your Skype subscription suspended. null deadpool,issues,skype,telephony, Monitors your Skype subscription usage in real time and also reports FUP - Fair Usage Policy - violations during the current month. Helps avoid having your Skype subscription suspended.
Formally InBed.Me, WeHostels is the first social booking site for hostels, beds and couches. See who will be there, book and connect.  null reference,search,social,travel, Formally InBed.Me, WeHostels is the first social booking site for hostels, beds and couches. See who will be there, book and connect. 
Call tracking, (native within salesforce.com) by connecting salesforce.com leads and contacts to their respective campaigns when a prospects calls into a promotional phone number on a marketing campaign. Also enables the representative to hear which campaign the caller called in about, before the call is connected, with no computer required. null deadpool,enterprise,mobile,sales,social,telephony, Call tracking, (native within salesforce.com) by connecting salesforce.com leads and contacts to their respective campaigns when a prospects calls into a promotional phone number on a marketing campaign. Also enables the representative to hear which campaign the caller called in about, before the call is connected, with no computer required.
Personalized artist recommendations and instant full-length preview of their songs using the Hunch and TinySong APIs. null music,search,social, Personalized artist recommendations and instant full-length preview of their songs using the Hunch and TinySong APIs.
Jeremy Keith combines a variety of personal information from across the web in one place via Ajax scripting and the APIs from Upcoming.org, Flickr, Amazon, and Del.icio.us. null bookmarks,events,photo,shopping, Jeremy Keith combines a variety of personal information from across the web in one place via Ajax scripting and the APIs from Upcoming.org, Flickr, Amazon, and Del.icio.us.
FastCashier Wallet is a cross-platform that allows payment and receipts to be made through a portal. It serves as an electronic alternative to traditional paper methods such as cheques and money orders. Every process of it is simple, secured; in real-time, and it can either be used on a mobile device or PC. null cashier,fast,fastcashier,gateway,online,payment, FastCashier Wallet is a cross-platform that allows payment and receipts to be made through a portal. It serves as an electronic alternative to traditional paper methods such as cheques and money orders. Every process of it is simple, secured; in real-time, and it can either be used on a mobile device or PC.
Funny game using Mappy API null fun,games,mapping, Funny game using Mappy API
Ask questions and get quick answers from your Facebook friends. Answer questions and earn points. See how you rank against other Facebook experts. null answers,deadpool,recommendation,social, Ask questions and get quick answers from your Facebook friends. Answer questions and earn points. See how you rank against other Facebook experts.
A time tracking solution that integrates with online project collaboration software including Basecamp and Blinksale. null business,enterprise,office,project-management,smb,tools, A time tracking solution that integrates with online project collaboration software including Basecamp and Blinksale.
&#039;What&#039;s On Air Pro&#039; is an app that streams live radio and gives access to events tickets. null music,radio,tickets, &#039;What&#039;s On Air Pro&#039; is an app that streams live radio and gives access to events tickets.
Flight simulation on a map. In Chinese. null aviation,china,flash,mapping, Flight simulation on a map. In Chinese.
Job Search Website for passive job seekers. This service lets you list your ideal job and have recruiters do all the work for you.  null jobs,recruiting,search, Job Search Website for passive job seekers. This service lets you list your ideal job and have recruiters do all the work for you. 
Combine Google Analytics and the Olark live chat service to get a tool for understanding how talking to your customers helps close sales.  You&#039;ll be able to see how live chat affects conversion on your product sales, funnels, and goals. null chat,Help,live,sales,shopping, Combine Google Analytics and the Olark live chat service to get a tool for understanding how talking to your customers helps close sales.  You&#039;ll be able to see how live chat affects conversion on your product sales, funnels, and goals.
Builds image slideshows along with music, using all the pictures and music that can be found for that artist. Login and build specific playlists, selecting more carefully. null flash,lyrics,music,playlists,slideshow, Builds image slideshows along with music, using all the pictures and music that can be found for that artist. Login and build specific playlists, selecting more carefully.
Used musical instruments for sale. List your guitars or other musical instruments for free. null sales,search,shopping, Used musical instruments for sale. List your guitars or other musical instruments for free.
A map of where television shows take place. Drill down to get details of these TV shows. Also features analyses of where TV shows take place. null place,settings,take,television,TV, A map of where television shows take place. Drill down to get details of these TV shows. Also features analyses of where TV shows take place.
Art4Europe is an application developed during international competition Hack4Europe, which was hosted by the Europeana Fundation in association with European Commision. For the purpose of the competition the foundation made available its database containing 19 million records in a form of the API providing special data, mainly about the paintings. Application uses the abovementioned database. Art4Europe identifies paintings based on photos taken with a smartphone camera. It was the competition winner in a category of a??software of the highest commercial potentiala??. null image,mobile,photo,recognition, Art4Europe is an application developed during international competition Hack4Europe, which was hosted by the Europeana Fundation in association with European Commision. For the purpose of the competition the foundation made available its database containing 19 million records in a form of the API providing special data, mainly about the paintings. Application uses the abovementioned database. Art4Europe identifies paintings based on photos taken with a smartphone camera. It was the competition winner in a category of a??software of the highest commercial potentiala??.
MapsOfAll is Google Maps mashup, where you can see map tiles from different providers like Bing or Openstreetmap null google,layers,mapping,openstreetmap, MapsOfAll is Google Maps mashup, where you can see map tiles from different providers like Bing or Openstreetmap
Find movie reviews and ratings from your friends or anyone else on Twitter. See top movies by buzz, or only look at positive/negative reviews. null movies,reviews, Find movie reviews and ratings from your friends or anyone else on Twitter. See top movies by buzz, or only look at positive/negative reviews.
Combines Google Maps, cameras and GPS into the &quot;newest road game to sweep the country&quot;. null deadpool,games,gps,mapping, Combines Google Maps, cameras and GPS into the &quot;newest road game to sweep the country&quot;.
Allows you to save your Skype chat messages as text. null chat,telephony,text, Allows you to save your Skype chat messages as text.
Dinle.org is a music mashup site, containing information about music artists, including albums, mp3s, videos and pictures. Dinle.org is in the Turkish language. Dinle means listen. null mp3,music,turkey, Dinle.org is a music mashup site, containing information about music artists, including albums, mp3s, videos and pictures. Dinle.org is in the Turkish language. Dinle means listen.
Busylunches (BL) is your Social Eating Experience at Work. You can simply enjoy the way you organize your lunch event with colleagues/friends. With BL, you can :      * create a lunch with your colleagues/friends     * find closest venues to your address     * earch foursquare venue alternatives for your lunch     * organize other events like dinner,breakfast, birthday party, team event etc.     * lots of other stuff with your imagination  We invite you to have this experience with BusyLunches and share it with others. null business,location,restaurant,social, Busylunches (BL) is your Social Eating Experience at Work. You can simply enjoy the way you organize your lunch event with colleagues/friends. With BL, you can :      * create a lunch with your colleagues/friends     * find closest venues to your address     * earch foursquare venue alternatives for your lunch     * organize other events like dinner,breakfast, birthday party, team event etc.     * lots of other stuff with your imagination  We invite you to have this experience with BusyLunches and share it with others.
Cleepr is an easy way to search for music videos from your favorite artists. The result is a grid of music videos from that band shown as thumbnails, listing their rating, view count, and the title of the video. null music,reference,search,video,wiki, Cleepr is an easy way to search for music videos from your favorite artists. The result is a grid of music videos from that band shown as thumbnails, listing their rating, view count, and the title of the video.
Finding a hotel on your route has never been so easy. Enter your destination and search for the best hotels along the itinerary.  null Directions,hotels,mapping,search,travel, Finding a hotel on your route has never been so easy. Enter your destination and search for the best hotels along the itinerary. 
Internship site that analyzes student credentials, matches them with top employers and then allows them to connect face to face with hiring managers. It is mobile responsive. Authentication can be done with FB and LinkedIn. Both are used to gather student data to make better matches. null board,internships,job,jobs,mobile,social, Internship site that analyzes student credentials, matches them with top employers and then allows them to connect face to face with hiring managers. It is mobile responsive. Authentication can be done with FB and LinkedIn. Both are used to gather student data to make better matches.
ActivePrint is an iPhone printing application that now allows users to access their Box.net files and print them on a mobile phone from within its interface. null iPhone,mobile,storage, ActivePrint is an iPhone printing application that now allows users to access their Box.net files and print them on a mobile phone from within its interface.
View Wikipedia articles side-by-side with their &quot;Simple English&quot; counterparts. null deadpool,fun,reference,wikipedia, View Wikipedia articles side-by-side with their &quot;Simple English&quot; counterparts.
Wallpoper simply described as high quality wallpapers database which is searchable by keyword, color and resolution. Wallpapers can be edited online. Wallpapers can be used for facebook timeline cover easily. null art,facebook,graphics,images, Wallpoper simply described as high quality wallpapers database which is searchable by keyword, color and resolution. Wallpapers can be edited online. Wallpapers can be used for facebook timeline cover easily.
A2TA allows you to discover and locate businesses and services in the area you designate???be it large or small, near or far???to save you time and money. Businesses: A2TA brings customers to your door:  null business,Directions,index,locate,maps,search, A2TA allows you to discover and locate businesses and services in the area you designate???be it large or small, near or far???to save you time and money. Businesses: A2TA brings customers to your door: 
This is a visual amazon gift explorer. It uses amazons most-wished rss feeds and similarity data from the Amazon API to suggest gifts. null gifts,shopping, This is a visual amazon gift explorer. It uses amazons most-wished rss feeds and similarity data from the Amazon API to suggest gifts.
An International News Map built with the Microsoft Virtual Earth API. Click on any region on the map and national news for the country is loaded. null deadpool,mapping,news, An International News Map built with the Microsoft Virtual Earth API. Click on any region on the map and national news for the country is loaded.
EtsyEspy is a buyer&#039;s tool for browsing the vast collection of listings available on Etsy. Select a filter, then EtsyEpsy will display listings in a Photo gallery. Runs either in your browser window or in full screen mode. Moving your cursor over hidden listings will bring them to the top. If there&#039;s a particular listing of interest, click on it and the listing&#039;s Etsy page loads. null search,shopping, EtsyEspy is a buyer&#039;s tool for browsing the vast collection of listings available on Etsy. Select a filter, then EtsyEpsy will display listings in a Photo gallery. Runs either in your browser window or in full screen mode. Moving your cursor over hidden listings will bring them to the top. If there&#039;s a particular listing of interest, click on it and the listing&#039;s Etsy page loads.
Viamigo helps travelers, journalists and travel professionals find authentic, local experiences and insider adventures, by connecting them with travel services everywhere. Integrates the Rezgo XML API into the &quot;Bookable Tours&quot; section. null news,tour,Tourism,travel, Viamigo helps travelers, journalists and travel professionals find authentic, local experiences and insider adventures, by connecting them with travel services everywhere. Integrates the Rezgo XML API into the &quot;Bookable Tours&quot; section.
Integrates Highrise and Gmail. View contextual Highrise information alongside emails in Gmail and create contacts, deals, tasks... null CRM,email,gmail, Integrates Highrise and Gmail. View contextual Highrise information alongside emails in Gmail and create contacts, deals, tasks...
Share Twitter feeds with the person you&#039;re talking to on the phone. null microblogging,mobile,social, Share Twitter feeds with the person you&#039;re talking to on the phone.
Local guide for Bilbao Spain mixing Flickr pictures, tags, Google maps and blog directory. Note: loads very slowly. null deadpool,mapping,photo,spain, Local guide for Bilbao Spain mixing Flickr pictures, tags, Google maps and blog directory. Note: loads very slowly.
Type an address and see current traffic conditions on a map. null deadpool,mapping,transit, Type an address and see current traffic conditions on a map.
We Love Wind shows where people can wind- or kitesurf in their area; this is done by serving location-based weather conditions tailored for wind sports. null kitesurfing,mapping,sports,weather,wind, We Love Wind shows where people can wind- or kitesurf in their area; this is done by serving location-based weather conditions tailored for wind sports.
Geolocation system that allows you to explore events, data and updates from social networks. Search information about places from various social services and share or simply read a stream of information about any city on earth. Watch videos, comment or chat. null mapping,reference,search,social,video, Geolocation system that allows you to explore events, data and updates from social networks. Search information about places from various social services and share or simply read a stream of information about any city on earth. Watch videos, comment or chat.
A tool box to compare two things. Provides contextual content, reference, images, suggestions and a library of common and uncommon comparisons across any domain. Provides rules of thumb and allows visitors to participate like a wiki.   null comparison,deadpool,reference,search, A tool box to compare two things. Provides contextual content, reference, images, suggestions and a library of common and uncommon comparisons across any domain. Provides rules of thumb and allows visitors to participate like a wiki.  
Weather forecasts for South Africa. null mapping,southafrica,travel,weather, Weather forecasts for South Africa.
A job search engine to make job searching easy. null deadpool,jobs, A job search engine to make job searching easy.
ShowTribe  is a twitter based web application that lets TV fans keep up with the latest buzz surrounding their favorite TV shows and makes watching TV a lot more interactive.  null social,television, ShowTribe  is a twitter based web application that lets TV fans keep up with the latest buzz surrounding their favorite TV shows and makes watching TV a lot more interactive. 
Map mashup showing all the locations from the Da Vinci Code book and movie including the Rose line. null books,deadpool,france,mapping,movies, Map mashup showing all the locations from the Da Vinci Code book and movie including the Rose line.
Obama Inauguration Souvenirs. Thousands of shirts, caps, mugs, posters, buttons, etc. Portion of proceeds go to Obama campaign. null customization,deadpool,obama,shopping, Obama Inauguration Souvenirs. Thousands of shirts, caps, mugs, posters, buttons, etc. Portion of proceeds go to Obama campaign.
Displays a real-time photo stream from Twitter on a Google map. null mapping,messaging,social, Displays a real-time photo stream from Twitter on a Google map.
Subscribe to XML feeds based on one&#039;s location.  null deadpool,location,sms,telephony, Subscribe to XML feeds based on one&#039;s location. 
Mashes up hardware certification info and shopping APIs to create a Linux-compatible software catalog and to help support Linux development. null computers,search,shopping, Mashes up hardware certification info and shopping APIs to create a Linux-compatible software catalog and to help support Linux development.
Find out what events are going on in your city, which locations are hot right now and where your friends are. Currently only supports select cities in Austria. null austria,events,fun,mapping,search,social, Find out what events are going on in your city, which locations are hot right now and where your friends are. Currently only supports select cities in Austria.
Displays news headlines along with recent, related tweets. null deadpool,messaging,microblogging,news, Displays news headlines along with recent, related tweets.
A numerical ranking based on popularity of country music artists. null country,music,Twitter, A numerical ranking based on popularity of country music artists.
NOTE: As of July 2007, this site is down. Daily recommendations from the most helpful Amazon reviewers. null deadpool,shopping, NOTE: As of July 2007, this site is down. Daily recommendations from the most helpful Amazon reviewers.
Search for great new and old properties near you. Using the power of google&#039;s real estate knowledge. null deadpool,mapping,realestate, Search for great new and old properties near you. Using the power of google&#039;s real estate knowledge.
A picture is worth a thousand words. Illustrated trends from Twitter. null deadpool,photo,search,social, A picture is worth a thousand words. Illustrated trends from Twitter.
A 3D slideshow and photo gallery widget for your Flickr and Smugmug photos. Also available in Facebook, iGoogle, and WordPress plugins null 3d,flash,photos,SlideShows,widgets, A 3D slideshow and photo gallery widget for your Flickr and Smugmug photos. Also available in Facebook, iGoogle, and WordPress plugins
This mashup allows you to create any kind or number of records in BatchBook directly from a Formstack form submission. null CRM,forms,social,webforms, This mashup allows you to create any kind or number of records in BatchBook directly from a Formstack form submission.
Well... is it? null cookies,funny,HackFood, Well... is it?
This application searches for specials near you. It&#039;s a quick way to browse the area near you in order to find deals and free stuff. It is based on the Foursquare API.  null coupons,mapping,reference,shopping,social, This application searches for specials near you. It&#039;s a quick way to browse the area near you in order to find deals and free stuff. It is based on the Foursquare API. 
This real estate plug-in allows you to join a &quot;network&quot; of real estate web blogs who are growing their traffic through real estate Q&A. null answers,realestate,wordpress, This real estate plug-in allows you to join a &quot;network&quot; of real estate web blogs who are growing their traffic through real estate Q&A.
Shows the positions and status of Jabber - GTalk users and allows personal places to be marked and commented. null mapping,messaging, Shows the positions and status of Jabber - GTalk users and allows personal places to be marked and commented.
Get a realtime view of the Asia Pacific indices on your mobile phone on the go. Simply use the keyword apacindex in a mobile SMS, WAP or Email device. null asia,finance,messaging,sms,stocks,WAP, Get a realtime view of the Asia Pacific indices on your mobile phone on the go. Simply use the keyword apacindex in a mobile SMS, WAP or Email device.
Using articles from wikipedia, videos have been created using images and legends. You can search, view, download and modify them online. 1119 videos generated automatically from the wikipedia in just 59 minutes. null deadpool,video,wikipedia, Using articles from wikipedia, videos have been created using images and legends. You can search, view, download and modify them online. 1119 videos generated automatically from the wikipedia in just 59 minutes.
A service that tracks your personalized information on the Web in one place. Using popularly tracked categories, Trackle keeps tabs on nearly everything in your life. null alerts,crime,jobs,photo,tracking,video, A service that tracks your personalized information on the Web in one place. Using popularly tracked categories, Trackle keeps tabs on nearly everything in your life.
SongZilla is an ultra-simple way of finding, playing and downloading music and lyrics right from your browser without any fuss or registration. null downloads,lyrics,music,radio,songs, SongZilla is an ultra-simple way of finding, playing and downloading music and lyrics right from your browser without any fuss or registration.
Travel Tassie allows you to plan and book your Tasmania-Australia travel requirements. For those of us who cannot decide where to go and stay, or are unsure as to what is available use the Trip Builder to suggest a unique trip. null Australia,deadpool,mapping,travel, Travel Tassie allows you to plan and book your Tasmania-Australia travel requirements. For those of us who cannot decide where to go and stay, or are unsure as to what is available use the Trip Builder to suggest a unique trip.
This is a mashup that allows you to visualize geotagged resources on a map. Import your del.icio.us posts or Flickr photos, share your collections and read RSS feeds. null bookmarks,mapping,photo, This is a mashup that allows you to visualize geotagged resources on a map. Import your del.icio.us posts or Flickr photos, share your collections and read RSS feeds.
Digg + slashdot + del.icio.us/popular are a constant browsing cycle for some and so this site combines them into a unified format, eliminate duplicates and adds some extra niceities. null deadpool,news, Digg + slashdot + del.icio.us/popular are a constant browsing cycle for some and so this site combines them into a unified format, eliminate duplicates and adds some extra niceities.
A mashup that is growing towards an online music encyclopedia. With information about artists, bands, albums, singles, bootlegs etc. Now working on adding streaming music and video. null bands,bootlegs,deadpool,encyclopedia,flash,music, A mashup that is growing towards an online music encyclopedia. With information about artists, bands, albums, singles, bootlegs etc. Now working on adding streaming music and video.
Get your favorite maps on the small display screen of your smartphones. null mapping,mobile,phone, Get your favorite maps on the small display screen of your smartphones.
Urban Hunt???r is a unique social photo challenge game. Play at home or on the go. Simply snap a photo and send it to Urban Hunt???r. Each week there is a new game and a photo challenge. Earn points by submitting photos and having people vote on their photos. null deadpool,fun,mobile,photo,social, Urban Hunt???r is a unique social photo challenge game. Play at home or on the go. Simply snap a photo and send it to Urban Hunt???r. Each week there is a new game and a photo challenge. Earn points by submitting photos and having people vote on their photos.
Tweet a tune is a mashup of Twitter, Tinysong and GrooveShark. Enter an artist or song title and find out who is listening to what on Twitter, and listen with them via a GrooveShark link. Easily stream and listen to the song people tweet about. null deadpool,microblogging,music,social,url-shortener, Tweet a tune is a mashup of Twitter, Tinysong and GrooveShark. Enter an artist or song title and find out who is listening to what on Twitter, and listen with them via a GrooveShark link. Easily stream and listen to the song people tweet about.
getHired is a mobile job search app (WP7) that provides results from various job search engines.  The app currently provides results from 60  countries and uses SimplyHired, Indeed, CareerJet, JuJu, LinkUp and CareerBuilder APIs. null jobs,search, getHired is a mobile job search app (WP7) that provides results from various job search engines.  The app currently provides results from 60  countries and uses SimplyHired, Indeed, CareerJet, JuJu, LinkUp and CareerBuilder APIs.
Create your own charts, find new music or radio stations, watch the videos of your favorite artist or band. null charts,music,video, Create your own charts, find new music or radio stations, watch the videos of your favorite artist or band.
Once visited, you can see map (google maps) of place based on ISP of yours.  Plus current weather and forecast displayed.   Right below the map you can see latest 25 tweets from location (refresh tweets works too as well as located news feed).   Previous tweets from specified location (as far as available ever, by 25 at a time) are reachable!   These tweets location radius is alterable (to investigate the exact place... or wider range).   Little magic thing happens when a place name (or address/city) entered instead of detected IP (for example Sherlock Holmes Museum - to see what&#039;s up at Baker Street) -&gt; OK.   New nice OVI map of area displayed with clickable foursquare places to explore plus latest tweets from there displayed.   BTW, how about vine.co twitter videos from the place? Sure, click THE VINES to watch it playlisted.  Geo API used: geoip,quova,ip2location,twitter, foursquare. Maps used: Google, Nokia OVI plus Bing in some cases. API for weather used: Yahoo WOEID. API for vines: https://api.vineapp.com/ (unofficial yet). null geo,maps,place,search,tweets,weather, Once visited, you can see map (google maps) of place based on ISP of yours.  Plus current weather and forecast displayed.   Right below the map you can see latest 25 tweets from location (refresh tweets works too as well as located news feed).   Previous tweets from specified location (as far as available ever, by 25 at a time) are reachable!   These tweets location radius is alterable (to investigate the exact place... or wider range).   Little magic thing happens when a place name (or address/city) entered instead of detected IP (for example Sherlock Holmes Museum - to see what&#039;s up at Baker Street) -&gt; OK.   New nice OVI map of area displayed with clickable foursquare places to explore plus latest tweets from there displayed.   BTW, how about vine.co twitter videos from the place? Sure, click THE VINES to watch it playlisted.  Geo API used: geoip,quova,ip2location,twitter, foursquare. Maps used: Google, Nokia OVI plus Bing in some cases. API for weather used: Yahoo WOEID. API for vines: https://api.vineapp.com/ (unofficial yet).
Offers online retailers the ability to manage and streamline their customer service and support operations with the Salesforce.com Service Cloud. A fully native Salesforce.com integration with eBay and Amazon. null CRM,customer,eBay,ecommerce,salesforcecom,Service, Offers online retailers the ability to manage and streamline their customer service and support operations with the Salesforce.com Service Cloud. A fully native Salesforce.com integration with eBay and Amazon.
ED misuse is one of the largest problems healthcare organizations face today. Nationally, there were 124 million ED visits in 2011, of which the CDC estimates 50% could be handled in a primary care setting. With an average charge for each ED encounter approaching $700 vs. the average physician office charge of $150, every patient redirected away from the ED saves the payor $550. This represents a total potential market savings of $34 billion for facilitating correct use of primary care.   Providing people with the tools they need to find appropriate care everywhere saves everyone, hospitals and patients, money and time.  Patients receive a SMS from triage.me post emergency room discharge. By sending a text to triage.me with their problem and current address, we route the person towards the nearest clinic, providing the address and a link to directions (for smartphone users).  Many clinics that work with the underinsured also often have variable hours and locations. We&#039;ve made it easy for these clinics to update their hours and location via SMS so that we can better route triage.me users to locations. null Directions,health,sms, ED misuse is one of the largest problems healthcare organizations face today. Nationally, there were 124 million ED visits in 2011, of which the CDC estimates 50% could be handled in a primary care setting. With an average charge for each ED encounter approaching $700 vs. the average physician office charge of $150, every patient redirected away from the ED saves the payor $550. This represents a total potential market savings of $34 billion for facilitating correct use of primary care.   Providing people with the tools they need to find appropriate care everywhere saves everyone, hospitals and patients, money and time.  Patients receive a SMS from triage.me post emergency room discharge. By sending a text to triage.me with their problem and current address, we route the person towards the nearest clinic, providing the address and a link to directions (for smartphone users).  Many clinics that work with the underinsured also often have variable hours and locations. We&#039;ve made it easy for these clinics to update their hours and location via SMS so that we can better route triage.me users to locations.
A geolocation-aware mashup that shows current weather forecast along with recent social media feeds from Twitter, Flickr and Youtube. null location,mapping,photo,realtime,weather, A geolocation-aware mashup that shows current weather forecast along with recent social media feeds from Twitter, Flickr and Youtube.
Reptiles, lizards and snakes for sale. Classified ads for all kinds of reptiles and amphibians null ads,pets,reptiles,shopping,snakes, Reptiles, lizards and snakes for sale. Classified ads for all kinds of reptiles and amphibians
A community-based mp3 download and search website, providing mp3s, videos, guitar tabs, lyrics, and other resources. null downloads,lyrics,music,social,video, A community-based mp3 download and search website, providing mp3s, videos, guitar tabs, lyrics, and other resources.
Search for slang definitions on Urban Dictionary using your mobile phone. Use SMS, WAP and Email. You can also use IM clients like Yahoo, MSN and AOL. null definition,Dictionary,lookup,messaging,mobile,slang, Search for slang definitions on Urban Dictionary using your mobile phone. Use SMS, WAP and Email. You can also use IM clients like Yahoo, MSN and AOL.
Loqi.me allows mobile users to send an emergency GPS beacon to a real-time map. Crises responders can view all of the help requests on the webpage, along with hospitals and fire stations, real-time 911 calls related to natural disasters. Ground teams can easily use Loqi.me on their mobile phones and it supports subscription to group messages via SMS, AIM, Jabber and Twitter. No application installation is required.   null mapping,messaging,mobile, Loqi.me allows mobile users to send an emergency GPS beacon to a real-time map. Crises responders can view all of the help requests on the webpage, along with hospitals and fire stations, real-time 911 calls related to natural disasters. Ground teams can easily use Loqi.me on their mobile phones and it supports subscription to group messages via SMS, AIM, Jabber and Twitter. No application installation is required.  
Tianamo uses Java to plot search keywords on a dynamically-generated 3D terrain. Clicking on the terrain will let you navigate through related topics while search results are displayed on the right. null 3d,java,search,visualization, Tianamo uses Java to plot search keywords on a dynamically-generated 3D terrain. Clicking on the terrain will let you navigate through related topics while search results are displayed on the right.
This is a mashup of U.S. Air Force recruiter office locations with a Virtual Earth map. null deadpool,mapping,military, This is a mashup of U.S. Air Force recruiter office locations with a Virtual Earth map.
Apartable is a mashup that matches people to apartments. It takes a proactive approach to finding a new living space.  null apartments,nyc,real-estate,rentals,search, Apartable is a mashup that matches people to apartments. It takes a proactive approach to finding a new living space. 
Front Desk provides a comprehensive mobile-first, point-of-service solution for small, service-based businesses.  Using smart phones, tablets, or desktop computers, businesses without a physical a??front deska??a??like personal trainers, piano tuners, massage therapists, tutors, counselors, yoga instructors, and dog walkersa??can manage their schedules, handle payments, manage digital documents, and launch and update their websites where clients can make appointments and purchases. null DocuSign,e-Signature,esign,esignature,frontdesk, Front Desk provides a comprehensive mobile-first, point-of-service solution for small, service-based businesses.  Using smart phones, tablets, or desktop computers, businesses without a physical a??front deska??a??like personal trainers, piano tuners, massage therapists, tutors, counselors, yoga instructors, and dog walkersa??can manage their schedules, handle payments, manage digital documents, and launch and update their websites where clients can make appointments and purchases.
WooRank analyses any submitted website for conformance to SEO best practices and shows how it ranks against the competition by giving it a grade. It instantly provides advice on how to fix critical issues that could impact web traffic. null analysis,digital,marketing,review,SEO,website, WooRank analyses any submitted website for conformance to SEO best practices and shows how it ranks against the competition by giving it a grade. It instantly provides advice on how to fix critical issues that could impact web traffic.
A mashup to enable users to access info, news and photos of a musician in one place, and access lyrics where applicable. null biography,deadpool,lyrics,music,photo,shopping, A mashup to enable users to access info, news and photos of a musician in one place, and access lyrics where applicable.
A simple click-to-vote site dedicated to uncovering the best video games for console platforms and game genres. Powered by the GamePro API. Pew! Pew-pewpewpew! Zap! null deadpool,fun,games,playstation,shopping,wii, A simple click-to-vote site dedicated to uncovering the best video games for console platforms and game genres. Powered by the GamePro API. Pew! Pew-pewpewpew! Zap!
Real-time chat language translator for Skype in 35 different languages. Also speaks Skype chat messages as they arrive, plus contact status changes in 10 languages. null chat,skype,telephony,translate, Real-time chat language translator for Skype in 35 different languages. Also speaks Skype chat messages as they arrive, plus contact status changes in 10 languages.
The Florida Traffic Growth Map highlights the busiest roads and highways in Florida from 2005-2007.  The purpose of the map is to highlight roads and highways that are under stress.   null florida,MapLarge,mapping,travel, The Florida Traffic Growth Map highlights the busiest roads and highways in Florida from 2005-2007.  The purpose of the map is to highlight roads and highways that are under stress.  
Stars and celebrity social profiles.  null celebrity,deadpool,fun,reference,search,social, Stars and celebrity social profiles. 
Shipmate enables FedEx customers to process shipments, print labels and track shipments using Chatter without ever leaving Salesforce CRM.   Shipmate is 100% native and free. By using Shipmate with Salesforce users qualify for up to 26% discount on FedEx costs. null chat,shipping, Shipmate enables FedEx customers to process shipments, print labels and track shipments using Chatter without ever leaving Salesforce CRM.   Shipmate is 100% native and free. By using Shipmate with Salesforce users qualify for up to 26% discount on FedEx costs.
Textaurant allows restaurant customers to wait online, not in line. Patrons can see wait times from any computer or mobile smartphone and can join the queue from anywhere. Restaurant hosts use a web-based waiting list that allows them to contact patrons via text or voice message when their table is almost ready.  null messaging,mobile,sms,telephony, Textaurant allows restaurant customers to wait online, not in line. Patrons can see wait times from any computer or mobile smartphone and can join the queue from anywhere. Restaurant hosts use a web-based waiting list that allows them to contact patrons via text or voice message when their table is almost ready. 
A wholesale electronics distributor. Integrates PayPal API as well as UPS and other shipping APIs. null china,electronics,shipping,shopping, A wholesale electronics distributor. Integrates PayPal API as well as UPS and other shipping APIs.
Free classified ads on a map. null deadpool,mapping,reference,search,shopping,social, Free classified ads on a map.
Free online tools for gathering, sorting, presenting and digesting of scientifically oriented information. Interface for PubMed searches, MeshTree, interface to nutritional database, news-/imagesearches, feeds, clipboards and QueryMaker. null clipboard,health,news,nutrition,science,search, Free online tools for gathering, sorting, presenting and digesting of scientifically oriented information. Interface for PubMed searches, MeshTree, interface to nutritional database, news-/imagesearches, feeds, clipboards and QueryMaker.
Uses the Amazon API to esily find covers and sleeves for  music, books, dvds and games. The search capability is extended with an option to search for multiple items in one go, by inputting terms as a list. null books,deadpool,music,search,shopping, Uses the Amazon API to esily find covers and sleeves for  music, books, dvds and games. The search capability is extended with an option to search for multiple items in one go, by inputting terms as a list.
MapMyFriends is an app which plots your Facebook friends on a Google map. See multiple images over a same location seperated in an innovative way. null mapping,reference,social,visualization, MapMyFriends is an app which plots your Facebook friends on a Google map. See multiple images over a same location seperated in an innovative way.
This gadget grabs the Yahoo weather feed for any US zip code or international country code, and updates an object to display the current weather in Second Life. null 3d,weather,widgets, This gadget grabs the Yahoo weather feed for any US zip code or international country code, and updates an object to display the current weather in Second Life.
This mashup is a Geo-wiki which helps you to map wikipedia. null maps,wiki,wikipedia, This mashup is a Geo-wiki which helps you to map wikipedia.
Sports News Pub is a sports news portal that makes news reading fun user friendly. It allows you to bookmark news items on your browser to read later. null bookmarks,news,reference,sports, Sports News Pub is a sports news portal that makes news reading fun user friendly. It allows you to bookmark news items on your browser to read later.
Emagister Symposium is a new scientific and educational events portal licensed to different universities and educational and investigation centers. null education,events,reference,science, Emagister Symposium is a new scientific and educational events portal licensed to different universities and educational and investigation centers.
Hotel and Air search for your mobile phone browser using the public Kayak API. null messaging,mobile,travel, Hotel and Air search for your mobile phone browser using the public Kayak API.
Social photo badges for PicPlz, Burstn, Snapr and more. Display your follower count, number of photos and photos on your website or blog. null blog,photo,social,widgets, Social photo badges for PicPlz, Burstn, Snapr and more. Display your follower count, number of photos and photos on your website or blog.
Automatically highlights all the people, places and things in an article you are reading. Mouse over the highlights to read descriptive info, find related news, connections, images, and videos. null deadpool,internet,photo,semantic,video, Automatically highlights all the people, places and things in an article you are reading. Mouse over the highlights to read descriptive info, find related news, connections, images, and videos.
Get pictures of people on HotOrNot to your cellphone.  Right now you get picture working on ranking back null dating,deadpool,messaging, Get pictures of people on HotOrNot to your cellphone.  Right now you get picture working on ranking back
TribeHR supports Single-Sign-On from Saleforce through Salesforce???s Web Tab feature. This feature is helpful if you are a sales-driven organization and would like to make it easier for your team to log into your HR website from within Salesforce. null CRM,deadpool,HR, TribeHR supports Single-Sign-On from Saleforce through Salesforce???s Web Tab feature. This feature is helpful if you are a sales-driven organization and would like to make it easier for your team to log into your HR website from within Salesforce.
Get a list of latest new releases from AOL Music on your cell phones SMS, WAP, email. null deadpool,messaging,music, Get a list of latest new releases from AOL Music on your cell phones SMS, WAP, email.
Connected is a personal relationship manager that brings your contacts and conversations together from email, social networks, calendar and phone. null reference,social, Connected is a personal relationship manager that brings your contacts and conversations together from email, social networks, calendar and phone.
A virtual assistant for your iPhone. Possibly the ultimate mashup because it uses many APIs to provide the best reply it can. Queries are spoken in simple English and the app uses artificial intelligence queries to answer. null iPhone,mobile,semantic,shopping, A virtual assistant for your iPhone. Possibly the ultimate mashup because it uses many APIs to provide the best reply it can. Queries are spoken in simple English and the app uses artificial intelligence queries to answer.
140Call makes it easy to send reminder and wake-up calls to your mobile phone.  With a simple tweet to @140Call, you can set up a wake-up call that gives you the weather in your city, and whatever you need to remind yourself to do. null deadpool,messaging,telephony,Twitter, 140Call makes it easy to send reminder and wake-up calls to your mobile phone.  With a simple tweet to @140Call, you can set up a wake-up call that gives you the weather in your city, and whatever you need to remind yourself to do.
Gift Experience Day helps to find the very best offers from the leading experience retailers in the UK. null aggregate,mapping,search,shopping, Gift Experience Day helps to find the very best offers from the leading experience retailers in the UK.
Create large PDF posters, photo books and contact sheets. Download images to your computer or share them via Facebook, email, or the printo.jp gallery.  null photo,printing,social, Create large PDF posters, photo books and contact sheets. Download images to your computer or share them via Facebook, email, or the printo.jp gallery. 
Nice mashup of the NOAA Weather Service API and Google Maps. Enter an address and get detailed forecasts. null mapping,weather, Nice mashup of the NOAA Weather Service API and Google Maps. Enter an address and get detailed forecasts.
Profileomat is a shareable Profile Aggregator that lists all your personal Websites, Social Networks, Blogs, Contact Info, Photo Albums and other Profiles in a box. Formerly called linkmybox.com null blog,mapping,photo,social, Profileomat is a shareable Profile Aggregator that lists all your personal Websites, Social Networks, Blogs, Contact Info, Photo Albums and other Profiles in a box. Formerly called linkmybox.com
Creative use of GPS, mapping and Ajax technology to show the current location of buses in the University of Michigan area. null mapping,transit, Creative use of GPS, mapping and Ajax technology to show the current location of buses in the University of Michigan area.
A Map Mashup aggregate of Apple Stores, AT&T wireless locations, relevant ebay auctions, craigslist listings, and other features. null craigslist,iPhone,mapping,shopping, A Map Mashup aggregate of Apple Stores, AT&T wireless locations, relevant ebay auctions, craigslist listings, and other features.
Provide your lastfm username and the script will get your Top Played Artists of the last 12 months, fetch the three latest reviews from Cloudspeakers and the top two similar artists from Echo Nest. null music,reviews, Provide your lastfm username and the script will get your Top Played Artists of the last 12 months, fetch the three latest reviews from Cloudspeakers and the top two similar artists from Echo Nest.
News stories for everything from the latest current business news, tech news, health news, advertising news, and corporate blogs. All powered by nobosh&#039;s algorithms. null aggregator,business,community,deadpool,news, News stories for everything from the latest current business news, tech news, health news, advertising news, and corporate blogs. All powered by nobosh&#039;s algorithms.
Food Geek is a Facebook app allowing you to spare restaurant reviews, directions, and other info with your Friends. You can make plans by sending Facebook Friends notifications and emails. Food Geek messages, include directions, link to reviews, and more. null food,local,reviews,search,silverlight,social, Food Geek is a Facebook app allowing you to spare restaurant reviews, directions, and other info with your Friends. You can make plans by sending Facebook Friends notifications and emails. Food Geek messages, include directions, link to reviews, and more.
Create a unique T-Shirt featuring all your friends profile-images. It is easy and fun to show the world who your best friends are. null clothing,deadpool,facebook,shopping,social, Create a unique T-Shirt featuring all your friends profile-images. It is easy and fun to show the world who your best friends are.
Musiclocated is the place where music gets located. It is a personal, non-corporative project that intends to geolocate musicians, musical places and more. The main goal is to provide a tool for musicians to allow them finding other musicians nearby. null deadpool,mapping,music,video, Musiclocated is the place where music gets located. It is a personal, non-corporative project that intends to geolocate musicians, musical places and more. The main goal is to provide a tool for musicians to allow them finding other musicians nearby.
Zoodle.co.nz uses the MenuMania API to fetch a list of restaurants and cafes in every town throughout New Zealand. Contains community and real estate market information. null food,local,newzealand,realestate,restaurant, Zoodle.co.nz uses the MenuMania API to fetch a list of restaurants and cafes in every town throughout New Zealand. Contains community and real estate market information.
A ridiculously easy way to find and print coupons for spas, restaurants, entertainment, services, and more, anywhere in the United States. null coupons,deals,local,mapping,search,shopping, A ridiculously easy way to find and print coupons for spas, restaurants, entertainment, services, and more, anywhere in the United States.
Printed by Moo, powered by Dopplr. Gives you Moo stickers using your city colours and trips from Dopplr. null photo,travel, Printed by Moo, powered by Dopplr. Gives you Moo stickers using your city colours and trips from Dopplr.
Play match-maker with couples on HotOrNot.  If you are a HotOrNot user, you can also see who people think you should hook up with. null dating,deadpool,mapping, Play match-maker with couples on HotOrNot.  If you are a HotOrNot user, you can also see who people think you should hook up with.
An aggregation of web content and virtual marketplaces using RSS and multiple APIs. We just passed 800,000,000 listings. null auction,bookmarks,rss,shopping, An aggregation of web content and virtual marketplaces using RSS and multiple APIs. We just passed 800,000,000 listings.
Elseif is the hangout place for developers, programmers and hackers. Come and watch the curated set of screencasts and explore and discover the wonderful world of repositories. Contents are curated in a way that is easy to find. null developers,github,hackers,programming,Repository,screencast, Elseif is the hangout place for developers, programmers and hackers. Come and watch the curated set of screencasts and explore and discover the wonderful world of repositories. Contents are curated in a way that is easy to find.
This Service is a mashup service using twitter and google maps apis. It displays a users twitter status on the globe.  null mapping,social,visualization, This Service is a mashup service using twitter and google maps apis. It displays a users twitter status on the globe. 
Tracks new music releases from selected artists. Imports lists from Facebook and Last.fm and notifies via email. null music,playlists,social, Tracks new music releases from selected artists. Imports lists from Facebook and Last.fm and notifies via email.
A prototype visualizer for Friend Of A Friend relationship objects. It mashes up MyBlogLog FOAF objects, and adds favorites from del.icio.us, Digg, Last.fm, LinkedIn, StumbleUpon, Upcoming, Tumbler, Twitter, and YouTube if it can find them. null foaf,music,rdf,social,socialgraph,video, A prototype visualizer for Friend Of A Friend relationship objects. It mashes up MyBlogLog FOAF objects, and adds favorites from del.icio.us, Digg, Last.fm, LinkedIn, StumbleUpon, Upcoming, Tumbler, Twitter, and YouTube if it can find them.
Sociotoco Search helps you find online profiles in most commonly used social networks like Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook - all on one place. null search,social, Sociotoco Search helps you find online profiles in most commonly used social networks like Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook - all on one place.
Connecticut based, New England focused mountain biking community providing gps track data, waypoints, trail maps, event calendars, photos, videos, product reviews and more. null biking,boston,gps,mapping,sports, Connecticut based, New England focused mountain biking community providing gps track data, waypoints, trail maps, event calendars, photos, videos, product reviews and more.
Find people to meet on HotOrNot.com by browsing on a Google Map. Start in your zip code and browse the nearby areas. null dating,deadpool,mapping, Find people to meet on HotOrNot.com by browsing on a Google Map. Start in your zip code and browse the nearby areas.
Rapidly create a sig and display recently played music on Myspace or your own website using your Rhapsody Listening History RSS Feed information. null deadpool,music, Rapidly create a sig and display recently played music on Myspace or your own website using your Rhapsody Listening History RSS Feed information.
Get the dish on restaurants in New Zealand. null newzealand,restaurant, Get the dish on restaurants in New Zealand.
An aggregator of pizza coupons where pizza lovers can search for deals and coupons for their favorite pizza brands. null food,search,shopping, An aggregator of pizza coupons where pizza lovers can search for deals and coupons for their favorite pizza brands.
Over 8,600 colleges and universities in the US plotted on a Google map with street views and additional school information. null college,education,mapping,search,social,Universities, Over 8,600 colleges and universities in the US plotted on a Google map with street views and additional school information.
Here is a fun little hack with MyBlogLog, the addition of del.icio.us tags. You will be able to tag your visitors and immediately see what you and others have had to say. When your readers click a tag they will see instant inline search results for users. null bookmarks,deadpool,tagging, Here is a fun little hack with MyBlogLog, the addition of del.icio.us tags. You will be able to tag your visitors and immediately see what you and others have had to say. When your readers click a tag they will see instant inline search results for users.
A simple web based Twitter client paired with Google Maps. See what&#039;s happening around you, let others know what you&#039;re doing or broadcast your thoughts & location with live video. Follow us on Twitter @streamdin to stay up to date with new feat null mapping,microblogging,social,video, A simple web based Twitter client paired with Google Maps. See what&#039;s happening around you, let others know what you&#039;re doing or broadcast your thoughts & location with live video. Follow us on Twitter @streamdin to stay up to date with new feat
Version 1.0 null color,deadpool,design,visualization, Version 1.0
Meetme is an application that lets users to select a meeting point between two locations using Yelp.  null deadpool,food,gps,iPhone,mapping,meetup, Meetme is an application that lets users to select a meeting point between two locations using Yelp. 
PostalCodeSearchForCHUsers is a mashup to help Chinese users find the postcode of a city. Leverages the GeoNames Web API registered at ProgrammableWeb.  null postcode,reference, PostalCodeSearchForCHUsers is a mashup to help Chinese users find the postcode of a city. Leverages the GeoNames Web API registered at ProgrammableWeb. 
BoyFriend X is a Web 2.0 address book for single women. null dating,events,mapping,weather, BoyFriend X is a Web 2.0 address book for single women.
Kweech is a fast music commenting site which lets you post your comments, reviews, questions and answers to any album in existence. Like twitter for music where we provide the music and album information and you do the talking. null deadpool,music,reviews,search,shopping, Kweech is a fast music commenting site which lets you post your comments, reviews, questions and answers to any album in existence. Like twitter for music where we provide the music and album information and you do the talking.
Locations of schools in Singapore, by type of school. null deadpool,education,mapping,school,Singapore, Locations of schools in Singapore, by type of school.
BuddyMapping.com allows you to create a custom google map your friends and internet buddies can add themselves too. It has a very nice live search feature and is fast compared to Frappr and other mapping sites. null mapping, BuddyMapping.com allows you to create a custom google map your friends and internet buddies can add themselves too. It has a very nice live search feature and is fast compared to Frappr and other mapping sites.
Flash application developed using Flickr and Yahoo Map APIs. null flash,flickr,map,mapping,photo,YahooMap, Flash application developed using Flickr and Yahoo Map APIs.
iPhone App which shows top crime cities (US Only) around your current location in various categories (Murder/Auto Theft/Burgalary/Property Theft/Violent Crime) - Data is sourced from FBI null crime,iPhone,mobile,search, iPhone App which shows top crime cities (US Only) around your current location in various categories (Murder/Auto Theft/Burgalary/Property Theft/Violent Crime) - Data is sourced from FBI
MetaWeather is an automated weather data aggregator that take the weather predictions from various forecasters and calculates the most likely outcome. null deadpool,europe,uk,weather, MetaWeather is an automated weather data aggregator that take the weather predictions from various forecasters and calculates the most likely outcome.
Find out where your facebook friends are located around the world. See who else is staying in your city and country. Filter your friends by country and exact location as updated in Facebook. View your friends statistics by location and gender. null facebook,friends,googlemaps,location,worldmyfriends,worldoffrineds, Find out where your facebook friends are located around the world. See who else is staying in your city and country. Filter your friends by country and exact location as updated in Facebook. View your friends statistics by location and gender.
A Google Earth and Google Maps mash up for real state agents in Spain. null mapping,realestate,spain, A Google Earth and Google Maps mash up for real state agents in Spain.
opsdo has two goals - to allow people to search many information sources which mainstream search engines do not cover well and to allow people to search groups of such sources -- e.g. RottenTomatoes, IMDb and Amazon. null photo,search,shopping, opsdo has two goals - to allow people to search many information sources which mainstream search engines do not cover well and to allow people to search groups of such sources -- e.g. RottenTomatoes, IMDb and Amazon.
MeteoSun is a weather forecast mashup with Google Maps and The Weather Channel. null mapping,travel,weather, MeteoSun is a weather forecast mashup with Google Maps and The Weather Channel.
Track US flights in realtime. See results overlaid on a Google Map. If bored, click the Track Random Flight button. null aircraft,flights,mapping,travel, Track US flights in realtime. See results overlaid on a Google Map. If bored, click the Track Random Flight button.
Chevron microsite shows how much has been raised and for what school programs in several California cities. null california,donation,education,mapping, Chevron microsite shows how much has been raised and for what school programs in several California cities.
Visualize pipeline and won sales against quota in a single chart. View the chart for the entire sales organization or for an individual user. null analytics,charts,CRM,enterprise,widgets,youcalc, Visualize pipeline and won sales against quota in a single chart. View the chart for the entire sales organization or for an individual user.
Top 500 e-commerce sites are tracked, reviewed, and analyzed using Compete Traffic, ZoomInfo Company data, and Google. This app helps track and analyze the playing field to determine best practices. null deadpool,ecommerce,reviews,shopping, Top 500 e-commerce sites are tracked, reviewed, and analyzed using Compete Traffic, ZoomInfo Company data, and Google. This app helps track and analyze the playing field to determine best practices.
ShoppingTogether is a multi-user online shopping application running on MSN Messenger Activity platform. Two users can chat and shop though Messenger while browsing a catalog of 18 million items. null chat,deadpool,search,shopping, ShoppingTogether is a multi-user online shopping application running on MSN Messenger Activity platform. Two users can chat and shop though Messenger while browsing a catalog of 18 million items.
Notesaic allows you and someone else to work on a note at the same time. Two users can work on different parts of the note and see the changes/edits as they happen and then send a copy of the note to whoever you want. null chat,deadpool, Notesaic allows you and someone else to work on a note at the same time. Two users can work on different parts of the note and see the changes/edits as they happen and then send a copy of the note to whoever you want.
This mashup allows Box.net users to securely share files in their Box accounts using WatchDox, a service that allows users to track and control the sharing and use of files. null security,storage,WatchDox, This mashup allows Box.net users to securely share files in their Box accounts using WatchDox, a service that allows users to track and control the sharing and use of files.
Merging real estate data, public school test scores, demographics and employment data to create detailed heat maps. null education,mapping,realestate,schools, Merging real estate data, public school test scores, demographics and employment data to create detailed heat maps.
BizScrambler is your go to source for everything local. BizScambler is building a real time community of businesses that&#039;s accessible 24/365 on mobile and traditional computing devices. BizScambler is giving the power back to consumers and businesses in a whole new way. Businesses get free mobile apps, and consumers get free information.  null directory,places,search, BizScrambler is your go to source for everything local. BizScambler is building a real time community of businesses that&#039;s accessible 24/365 on mobile and traditional computing devices. BizScambler is giving the power back to consumers and businesses in a whole new way. Businesses get free mobile apps, and consumers get free information. 
Local classified ads for jobs, housing, personals, services, items for sale, and more. null classifieds,jobs,recruiting,shopping, Local classified ads for jobs, housing, personals, services, items for sale, and more.
Enables you to search and map goals from people on 43things.com. Built with Yahoo Pipes. null goals,mapping,pipes, Enables you to search and map goals from people on 43things.com. Built with Yahoo Pipes.
As seen in MAKE Magazine. Seven different searches plus bookmarking, all inline and proxy-free, via the Yahoo search and MyWeb APIs. null ajax,search, As seen in MAKE Magazine. Seven different searches plus bookmarking, all inline and proxy-free, via the Yahoo search and MyWeb APIs.
DCHistoricTours.com is mashup that allows tourists to create tours of D.C.  All of the data is pulled from D.C.&#039;s government data feeds. null deadpool,government,maps,photos, DCHistoricTours.com is mashup that allows tourists to create tours of D.C.  All of the data is pulled from D.C.&#039;s government data feeds.
Lookbackmaps is a simple, yet robust way of visually organizing, exploring and engaging in history and historical photographs through web and mobile-based maps. null fun,history,mapping, Lookbackmaps is a simple, yet robust way of visually organizing, exploring and engaging in history and historical photographs through web and mobile-based maps.
Golfing enthusiasts can search for golf courses on a Virtual Earth map. Select a course and reserve tee times. This mashup combines data from Cybergolf, weatherforyou.com, and other sources to provide a comprehensive golf planning experience. null golf,mapping,sports,weather, Golfing enthusiasts can search for golf courses on a Virtual Earth map. Select a course and reserve tee times. This mashup combines data from Cybergolf, weatherforyou.com, and other sources to provide a comprehensive golf planning experience.
Music videos from thousands of MTV artists. Structured with custom UI and search. null deadpool,music,songs,video, Music videos from thousands of MTV artists. Structured with custom UI and search.
The WeatherBug Eclipse plug-in lets you get live weather data and weather forecasts directly in the Eclipse platform. Get live weather by location, for a 7 day range, and other features. WeatherBug contest winning mashup. null contests,deadpool,forecasts,weather, The WeatherBug Eclipse plug-in lets you get live weather data and weather forecasts directly in the Eclipse platform. Get live weather by location, for a 7 day range, and other features. WeatherBug contest winning mashup.
GoodBuyNow.com offers shoppers the ability to compare new and used products and find coupons, bargains, and deals.  null coupons,shopping, GoodBuyNow.com offers shoppers the ability to compare new and used products and find coupons, bargains, and deals. 
A new way of discovering music artist and albums by reading tumblr reviews about them and browsing recomendations.  null music,recommendations,search,streaming, A new way of discovering music artist and albums by reading tumblr reviews about them and browsing recomendations. 
A tool for reverse IP lookup. This site&#039;s language is Turkish. null internet,tools, A tool for reverse IP lookup. This site&#039;s language is Turkish.
Similar to twitter vision, 43things vision maps recent goals of 43things users. null goals,mapping,visualization, Similar to twitter vision, 43things vision maps recent goals of 43things users.
iPad mashup for finishing / revising documents on Google Docs with the help of an Acapela voice. Started for German, but applicable to all languages having Acapela voices. Dictionaries for user&#039;s tasks, acronyms and SAMPA phonetic transcriptions. Download from App Store. null documents,ipad,speech,TTS, iPad mashup for finishing / revising documents on Google Docs with the help of an Acapela voice. Started for German, but applicable to all languages having Acapela voices. Dictionaries for user&#039;s tasks, acronyms and SAMPA phonetic transcriptions. Download from App Store.
One stop shop for Twitter Profile statistics.  Tracking Followers, Influence, Tag Clouds and Popularity on the Twitter platform. null social,statistics,visualization, One stop shop for Twitter Profile statistics.  Tracking Followers, Influence, Tag Clouds and Popularity on the Twitter platform.
Visualize positive and negative sentiments on Twitter. See the distribution via Google Chart API. null analysis,charts,microblogging,sentiment,visualization, Visualize positive and negative sentiments on Twitter. See the distribution via Google Chart API.
Ever wonder what these Twitter trending topic are all about? TweetTrendDunno helps you get informed. null deadpool,microblogging,news,search,trends, Ever wonder what these Twitter trending topic are all about? TweetTrendDunno helps you get informed.
Enthusem is a service that allows users to send physical greeting cards online. Through its integration with Box.net, users can send cards containing content from their Box.net files. null email,storage, Enthusem is a service that allows users to send physical greeting cards online. Through its integration with Box.net, users can send cards containing content from their Box.net files.
CouponFollow tracks coupon codes that have been tweeted by Twitter users in real-time, and organizes them for bargain shoppers to use. Coupon popularity is tracked by the total number of Tweets. Members can easily retweet codes they like via Twitter.   null bargains,coupons,microblogging,shopping, CouponFollow tracks coupon codes that have been tweeted by Twitter users in real-time, and organizes them for bargain shoppers to use. Coupon popularity is tracked by the total number of Tweets. Members can easily retweet codes they like via Twitter.  
This mashup displays the location of Amtrak trains in real-time. Users can click on routes to see a closer view of the travel status.  null mapping,real-time,travel,visualization, This mashup displays the location of Amtrak trains in real-time. Users can click on routes to see a closer view of the travel status. 
Mural.ly is &quot;Google Docs for visual people&quot;. An online flexible canvas where teams of creatives designers can collaborate and work together. Users can map their research, collect  visual references into a shared, live moodboard, and add and arrange screenshots. null collaboration,fun,social,tools,visual, Mural.ly is &quot;Google Docs for visual people&quot;. An online flexible canvas where teams of creatives designers can collaborate and work together. Users can map their research, collect  visual references into a shared, live moodboard, and add and arrange screenshots.
Display weather radio stations on map. null mapping,radio,weather, Display weather radio stations on map.
Last.ify creates Spotify playlists from last.fm&#039;s personalized recommendations. The playlists are updated every night so every morning you awaken to a playlist of new music to discover. null music,search,social, Last.ify creates Spotify playlists from last.fm&#039;s personalized recommendations. The playlists are updated every night so every morning you awaken to a playlist of new music to discover.
DXPORTAL search engine built using Google&#039;s CSE technology prioritizes search results based on amateur radio websites. Also, integrated images and search based on the Yahoo API. null amateur,radio,search, DXPORTAL search engine built using Google&#039;s CSE technology prioritizes search results based on amateur radio websites. Also, integrated images and search based on the Yahoo API.
Combines data from Google Maps and Freebase to provide data about the world&#039;s major cities. Guide books and other city-related info provided from Amazon. null amsterdam,london,mapping,nyc,Paris,travel, Combines data from Google Maps and Freebase to provide data about the world&#039;s major cities. Guide books and other city-related info provided from Amazon.
Hotel search site focused on Indonesia.  null expedia,hotel,map,places,tour,travel, Hotel search site focused on Indonesia. 
Geopointe integrates Force.com with Google Maps and MapQuest. Geopointe is the premier Force.com geo/mapping solution providing numerous ways for end-users, administrators and developers to take advantage of geo data and maps. null enterprise,google,maps, Geopointe integrates Force.com with Google Maps and MapQuest. Geopointe is the premier Force.com geo/mapping solution providing numerous ways for end-users, administrators and developers to take advantage of geo data and maps.
Badger uses Yahoo Pipes and JavaScript to create Web badges out of any RSS feed. Edit colors, change feeds, pages, and headlines and pick up your source code at the bottom of the page. null blog,code,pipes,rss, Badger uses Yahoo Pipes and JavaScript to create Web badges out of any RSS feed. Edit colors, change feeds, pages, and headlines and pick up your source code at the bottom of the page.
Call transfer for Skype supports ALL versions including 4.x. null telephony,Voice, Call transfer for Skype supports ALL versions including 4.x.
Shopnics provides a unique way of searching and comparing products helping buyers to make there buying decision faster. Visually compare products using the Shopnics Decision Graph. null comparison,deadpool,shopping,video,visualization, Shopnics provides a unique way of searching and comparing products helping buyers to make there buying decision faster. Visually compare products using the Shopnics Decision Graph.
Facebook Search is a useful search tool for the Facebook social network. It is powered by the Facebook Open Graph API and returns data that is publicly available. Users can search across posts, photos, people, pages, groups and events without the need to login or have a Facebook account. Our service features a unique way to search for images, photos and graphics from the millions of &#039;Pages&#039; that form part of the Facebook social network. Go further than traditional image search and discover a world of photos and images that have been hand curated by Facebook users. null facebook,network,photo,search,social, Facebook Search is a useful search tool for the Facebook social network. It is powered by the Facebook Open Graph API and returns data that is publicly available. Users can search across posts, photos, people, pages, groups and events without the need to login or have a Facebook account. Our service features a unique way to search for images, photos and graphics from the millions of &#039;Pages&#039; that form part of the Facebook social network. Go further than traditional image search and discover a world of photos and images that have been hand curated by Facebook users.
Our mashup recipe is very simple: 5x Twitter News service accounts, 1x Yahoo Geo, 1x Open Calais, 1x Google Maps, 1x Google Search and a little bit of Wikipedia. Mix all ingredients together with care. Hope you enjoy. null deadpool,mapping,microblogging,news,semantic, Our mashup recipe is very simple: 5x Twitter News service accounts, 1x Yahoo Geo, 1x Open Calais, 1x Google Maps, 1x Google Search and a little bit of Wikipedia. Mix all ingredients together with care. Hope you enjoy.
Rentalio is helps you find for vacation rentals. It is mash-up of Vast.com API with ambition to extend it to other useful sources of information for its users. null deadpool,realestate,travel, Rentalio is helps you find for vacation rentals. It is mash-up of Vast.com API with ambition to extend it to other useful sources of information for its users.
Using this service, search and get the latest events from Zvents on Cell Phone: SMS, WAP and Email using 411Sync Mobile API. null deadpool,events,messaging, Using this service, search and get the latest events from Zvents on Cell Phone: SMS, WAP and Email using 411Sync Mobile API.
Largest University crime map mashup, covering over 200 universities. null college,crime,mapping, Largest University crime map mashup, covering over 200 universities.
Gainers & Losers (Movers & Shakers) - website traffic comparison in 201 countries. Uses proprietary algorithm to find steady growth in number of unique visitors over 1-year and 5-year periods. Useful. null domains,mapping,reference,search,traffic,visualization, Gainers & Losers (Movers & Shakers) - website traffic comparison in 201 countries. Uses proprietary algorithm to find steady growth in number of unique visitors over 1-year and 5-year periods. Useful.
A PDF book search engine. null books,deadpool,pdf, A PDF book search engine.
spoonacular is a semantic recipe search engine. null cooking,food,ingredients,recipe,search,semantic, spoonacular is a semantic recipe search engine.
New Dance Tracks (NDT for short) helps you browse easily through previews of the latest releases in dance music: house, techno, dubstep, and many more genres. Share your favorites via Twitter and Facebook.   Currently supports BeatPort, Dance-Tunes and JunoDownload.   Great for the DJ on the move!  An Android and iOS version are available.  The Android DEMO version has all functionality but shows limited results. Get the full version via the Help menu (tap the top box there).  The iOS version is currently limited to only BeatPort releases. null database,music,previews, New Dance Tracks (NDT for short) helps you browse easily through previews of the latest releases in dance music: house, techno, dubstep, and many more genres. Share your favorites via Twitter and Facebook.   Currently supports BeatPort, Dance-Tunes and JunoDownload.   Great for the DJ on the move!  An Android and iOS version are available.  The Android DEMO version has all functionality but shows limited results. Get the full version via the Help menu (tap the top box there).  The iOS version is currently limited to only BeatPort releases.
surf2gether.com lets you experience the web together. Invite your friends and use synchronized apps with them.  * Watch Youtube videos. * Listen to Grooveshark music. * Upload and view documents together. (powered by scribd.com)  More apps coming soon...  null chat,grooveshark,music,realtime,video,youtube, surf2gether.com lets you experience the web together. Invite your friends and use synchronized apps with them.  * Watch Youtube videos. * Listen to Grooveshark music. * Upload and view documents together. (powered by scribd.com)  More apps coming soon... 
Lost your phone? Punch in your number and we&#039;ll call it for you. null telephony,Voice, Lost your phone? Punch in your number and we&#039;ll call it for you.
Android app that lets you discover music bands and artists similar to your favorites. Integrates with Last.fm and YouTube and uses tagclouds to find related artists. null android,discovery,mobile,music,video, Android app that lets you discover music bands and artists similar to your favorites. Integrates with Last.fm and YouTube and uses tagclouds to find related artists.
A motorcycle finding mashup that aggregates from eBay motors, eBay, and other sources, with a Google Maps map. null bikes,craigslist,mapping,motorcycles,shopping, A motorcycle finding mashup that aggregates from eBay motors, eBay, and other sources, with a Google Maps map.
Moodgeist is an experiment to show what is currently happening in the Skype Land and the Skype community collective state of mind. It tracks the text that Skype Users put in their mood. From this it extracts YouTube URLs and shows them. null deadpool,messaging,video, Moodgeist is an experiment to show what is currently happening in the Skype Land and the Skype community collective state of mind. It tracks the text that Skype Users put in their mood. From this it extracts YouTube URLs and shows them.
Global multilingual tourist guide. On-line photos, maps, videos, information. Open project for travel using APIs from YouTube, Weather Channel, Google Maps, Yahoo Maps and others. With OpenID support. null mapping,travel,video,weather, Global multilingual tourist guide. On-line photos, maps, videos, information. Open project for travel using APIs from YouTube, Weather Channel, Google Maps, Yahoo Maps and others. With OpenID support.
Allows Box.net users to share content on their LinkedIn profiles. They can choose which files in their Box accounts are visible to LinkedIn contacts. null enterprise,jobs,sharing,social, Allows Box.net users to share content on their LinkedIn profiles. They can choose which files in their Box accounts are visible to LinkedIn contacts.
Data mashup combining business registry, trademark, law and telephone information null business,Data,directory,peru,Telephone, Data mashup combining business registry, trademark, law and telephone information
Search for all the real estate on Google Base with nice integration with Google Maps. null mapping,realestate, Search for all the real estate on Google Base with nice integration with Google Maps.
Blue One Realty is a real estate related directory. It is based on Yahoo Maps and Flex. People can submit their real estate related web site and company. null directory,estate,flash,Flex,mapping,real, Blue One Realty is a real estate related directory. It is based on Yahoo Maps and Flex. People can submit their real estate related web site and company.
Music2Mail.com is a music notification service. You can subscribe to a list of your favorite artists and receive an email whenever one of these artists has a new release. Search artists or import from Last.fm. null music,search,social, Music2Mail.com is a music notification service. You can subscribe to a list of your favorite artists and receive an email whenever one of these artists has a new release. Search artists or import from Last.fm.
Use the FoodieToGo mobile app to search nearby restaurants and order food from 1000s of restaurants in the US provided by Ordr.in. This free app makes ordering food to your door step dead simple.  HOW IT WORKS:  FoodieToGo uses the vast database of restaurants in the US provided by www.ordr.in. Enter your address, select from a list of restaurants that deliver to you, order from their menu and pay with your credit card over a secure channel. FEATURES: - Assisted Search - Restaurant rating and reviews provided by Yelp! - Easy Ordering: Simply select items from a menu and add extras/toppings, it&#039;s that easy! New Restaurants are being added every day. Select from a wide variety of restaurants null food,ordering,ordrin,yelp, Use the FoodieToGo mobile app to search nearby restaurants and order food from 1000s of restaurants in the US provided by Ordr.in. This free app makes ordering food to your door step dead simple.  HOW IT WORKS:  FoodieToGo uses the vast database of restaurants in the US provided by www.ordr.in. Enter your address, select from a list of restaurants that deliver to you, order from their menu and pay with your credit card over a secure channel. FEATURES: - Assisted Search - Restaurant rating and reviews provided by Yelp! - Easy Ordering: Simply select items from a menu and add extras/toppings, it&#039;s that easy! New Restaurants are being added every day. Select from a wide variety of restaurants
This mashup was designed by illustrator Abby Putinski. It is a visual representation of her experiences in San Francisco, displayed on a stylized version of Google Maps.  null illustrated,mapping,storyline,visualization, This mashup was designed by illustrator Abby Putinski. It is a visual representation of her experiences in San Francisco, displayed on a stylized version of Google Maps. 
This gadget allows adding a graph for ZIndex, which is derived from median prices of homes sold, for a specific location such as All of the USA, any state, any city or zip code. It can be added to the Personalized Google Homepage, Desktop and Pages. null deadpool,realestate,widgets, This gadget allows adding a graph for ZIndex, which is derived from median prices of homes sold, for a specific location such as All of the USA, any state, any city or zip code. It can be added to the Personalized Google Homepage, Desktop and Pages.
Ever played the &quot;Telephone&quot; game, where you send a message around a circle of people and see how it turns out? This is an online version which translates the message from one language to the other using Google Translate and then translates it to the original language. null fun,games,social,Translation, Ever played the &quot;Telephone&quot; game, where you send a message around a circle of people and see how it turns out? This is an online version which translates the message from one language to the other using Google Translate and then translates it to the original language.
This mashup uses the YouTube Data API and Player API. It lets you use a YouTube playlist to play Power Hour. null deadpool,music,video, This mashup uses the YouTube Data API and Player API. It lets you use a YouTube playlist to play Power Hour.
Comparison shopping for millions of products by UPC, MPN, or ISBN. null bargains,shopping, Comparison shopping for millions of products by UPC, MPN, or ISBN.
Map of the top US medical schools are reported by US News. Pop-up markers show MCAT scores and average tuition. null education,mapping, Map of the top US medical schools are reported by US News. Pop-up markers show MCAT scores and average tuition.
A digital receptionist for your mobile phone, RingThink takes calls, forwards those on your whitelist to you and takes a message for everyone else letting you know by SMS. null calendar,deadpool,mobile,sms,telephony,Voice, A digital receptionist for your mobile phone, RingThink takes calls, forwards those on your whitelist to you and takes a message for everyone else letting you know by SMS.
Latest Singapore News from Top sources on the Internet Including Straits Times, channel News Asia, Asia One, Google, Youtube Bing and Ask   null news, Latest Singapore News from Top sources on the Internet Including Straits Times, channel News Asia, Asia One, Google, Youtube Bing and Ask  
Twippr is a safe, simple way to send and receive money online, using direct private messages from your Twitter account. Accept Twippr micropayments to save Paypal fees. null messaging,microblogging,money,payment,shopping, Twippr is a safe, simple way to send and receive money online, using direct private messages from your Twitter account. Accept Twippr micropayments to save Paypal fees.
Find out who flies where with Flightm8&#039;s unique map view. Useful if you don&#039;t have an encyclopedic knowledge of airlines and airports. null airports,deadpool,flights,mapping,travel, Find out who flies where with Flightm8&#039;s unique map view. Useful if you don&#039;t have an encyclopedic knowledge of airlines and airports.
Lists recent tweets about Amazon.com products from the Twitter public timeline. null messaging,microblogging,shopping,social, Lists recent tweets about Amazon.com products from the Twitter public timeline.
Chat on Google Maps and Language API. And talk with people all over the world by a real-time translation. In addition, the message is read out in English.  null chat,deadpool,language,mapping,messaging,Translation, Chat on Google Maps and Language API. And talk with people all over the world by a real-time translation. In addition, the message is read out in English. 
This application allows users listen to the national anthems of countries located all around the world.  null music,reference, This application allows users listen to the national anthems of countries located all around the world. 
Myplaylist provides lyrics along with the accompanying music and pictures.  null lyrics,music,slideshow, Myplaylist provides lyrics along with the accompanying music and pictures. 
A SaaS solution for map apps on websites.  Geocubes clusters geo-referenced data into squares, improves the performance of the site, and presents POIs in a well-structured way. null api,clustering,gmaps,mapping,performance,saas, A SaaS solution for map apps on websites.  Geocubes clusters geo-referenced data into squares, improves the performance of the site, and presents POIs in a well-structured way.
The GermTrax Mashup allows tracking the spread of sickness and disease via real-time symptom reports from around the world. null disease,mapping,news,visualization, The GermTrax Mashup allows tracking the spread of sickness and disease via real-time symptom reports from around the world.
Project picks the real-time data for two given keywords from public APIs and visualizes around the globe as &quot;noo&quot;-cloud, the size of which reflects event streams and shaped by geo data, building light abstract visual structures in space for each null microblogging,news,photo,realtime,video,visualization, Project picks the real-time data for two given keywords from public APIs and visualizes around the globe as &quot;noo&quot;-cloud, the size of which reflects event streams and shaped by geo data, building light abstract visual structures in space for each
player4you is a free player that plays videos from Youtube without commercials and uses a crossfader to avoid breaks between the tracks. A live search makes it easy to find your favorite tracks. You can also login with your facebook account and save and share your playlists with your friends. null facebook,fun,music,search,video,youtube, player4you is a free player that plays videos from Youtube without commercials and uses a crossfader to avoid breaks between the tracks. A live search makes it easy to find your favorite tracks. You can also login with your facebook account and save and share your playlists with your friends.
Allows customers of ripstyles to call to get a variety of departments in the company including automated order tracking over the phone.  null business,deadpool,ecommerce,telephony, Allows customers of ripstyles to call to get a variety of departments in the company including automated order tracking over the phone. 
DebateWall is a new type of blog where your comments are actually the post itself. In blog comments you can find really valuable information pointing out the two sides of a story instead of the single opinion of the author of the post. Debatewall take those comments to the main scene, to actually be the post. Because it&#039;s a crowdsourced blog, a percentage of the profits are donated. null blog,deadpool,social, DebateWall is a new type of blog where your comments are actually the post itself. In blog comments you can find really valuable information pointing out the two sides of a story instead of the single opinion of the author of the post. Debatewall take those comments to the main scene, to actually be the post. Because it&#039;s a crowdsourced blog, a percentage of the profits are donated.
Watch YouTube videos with lyrics. Formerly called Hepsi Klip null lyrics,music,song,video, Watch YouTube videos with lyrics. Formerly called Hepsi Klip
Share your locations on a Waze map over a phone call.  App is in Hebrew. null mapping,mobile,reference,social, Share your locations on a Waze map over a phone call.  App is in Hebrew.
Get personalized gift ideas using the interactive query and recommendation tool built on the Amazon API. Indicate person, price range, rate a series of suggested gifts, it learns, then makes recommendations. null deadpool,shopping, Get personalized gift ideas using the interactive query and recommendation tool built on the Amazon API. Indicate person, price range, rate a series of suggested gifts, it learns, then makes recommendations.
An experimental feed discovery tool. null deadpool,search, An experimental feed discovery tool.
Weather Center is the weather app that has all the data users will ever need. It tracks general weather including summary and detailed forecasts. It also provides users with information on severe weather including storm reports, NWS watches and warnings, storm cell tracking and more. null forecast,interactive,weather, Weather Center is the weather app that has all the data users will ever need. It tracks general weather including summary and detailed forecasts. It also provides users with information on severe weather including storm reports, NWS watches and warnings, storm cell tracking and more.
Post to Google Buzz via SMS by sending a text to 925-BUZZ-SMS. Uses Oauth, so it users can revoke access at any time. null messaging,sms,social, Post to Google Buzz via SMS by sending a text to 925-BUZZ-SMS. Uses Oauth, so it users can revoke access at any time.
News aggregation service with geocoding for regionalization. Includes finance, sports and other topics. null deadpool,news,rss,traffic,weather, News aggregation service with geocoding for regionalization. Includes finance, sports and other topics.
Chatting with other person in MSN Messenger it&#039;s great, but sometimes you want to meet him/her in reality. You need to find some place, which is suitable for both of you. This application will help you to find the ideal meeting place. null chat,deadpool,mapping, Chatting with other person in MSN Messenger it&#039;s great, but sometimes you want to meet him/her in reality. You need to find some place, which is suitable for both of you. This application will help you to find the ideal meeting place.
Introducing a different way to shop the eBay listings for the most searched for products being auctioned. AuctionCloud shows popular keywords used by eBay users when searching listings. Real estate section uses Zillow API for zestimates. null auction,realestate, Introducing a different way to shop the eBay listings for the most searched for products being auctioned. AuctionCloud shows popular keywords used by eBay users when searching listings. Real estate section uses Zillow API for zestimates.
A social network where users can predict the future together by sharing information and opinions. See if the ZiiTrend community can predict the future better than any individual.  null community,deadpool,news,predictions,social, A social network where users can predict the future together by sharing information and opinions. See if the ZiiTrend community can predict the future better than any individual. 
Enter your user ID for any of the supported web sites to look up the date you first joined, and shout it out on Twitter with our convenient tweet links. Or look up other users join dates. null deadpool,photo,social, Enter your user ID for any of the supported web sites to look up the date you first joined, and shout it out on Twitter with our convenient tweet links. Or look up other users join dates.
SwoopThat is a leading provider of course search technology and textbook price comparison. At SwoopThat, parents and students enter their courses, and the website returns every book they need to buy as well as every online merchant that sells those books. SwoopThat helps students save up to 75% on their textbooks in about 10 minutes.  In addition to textbook purchases, SwoopThat helps students and parents sell their books by searching online vendors for the highest buyback price. SwoopThat&#039;s general product search engine also provides price comparison for over 15 million products from thousands of retailers nation-wide. null college,comparison,price,textbook,textbooks, SwoopThat is a leading provider of course search technology and textbook price comparison. At SwoopThat, parents and students enter their courses, and the website returns every book they need to buy as well as every online merchant that sells those books. SwoopThat helps students save up to 75% on their textbooks in about 10 minutes.  In addition to textbook purchases, SwoopThat helps students and parents sell their books by searching online vendors for the highest buyback price. SwoopThat&#039;s general product search engine also provides price comparison for over 15 million products from thousands of retailers nation-wide.
Connecting people who are living, studying or working outside their own country. Uses Russian social network Odnoklassniki. Immipad is a social network and marketplace that uses several Active and Google APIs.   null reference,social, Connecting people who are living, studying or working outside their own country. Uses Russian social network Odnoklassniki. Immipad is a social network and marketplace that uses several Active and Google APIs.  
Track your packages with Google Maps and RSS feeds!  Track UPS, FedEx, USPS, and DHL. PackageMapping.com really works and is free to the public. See where your package is as it makes its way across the map. Check it out and bookmark it! null mapping,package,rss,shipping,tracking,UPS, Track your packages with Google Maps and RSS feeds!  Track UPS, FedEx, USPS, and DHL. PackageMapping.com really works and is free to the public. See where your package is as it makes its way across the map. Check it out and bookmark it!
Pickii uses the Amazon API to scan millions of products, to just those with the highest ratings from the most helpful reviews. Browse ten thousand Top 10 lists of the books, movies, electronics, home items, and more. null amazon,comparison,ranking,reviews,shopping,widgets, Pickii uses the Amazon API to scan millions of products, to just those with the highest ratings from the most helpful reviews. Browse ten thousand Top 10 lists of the books, movies, electronics, home items, and more.
Do you have a blog or other sites build on the Blogger platform? If so, your pages can be dynamically built around the rich content from your PeoplePond profile by using the PeoplePond Blogger Plugin.  null blog,identity,widgets, Do you have a blog or other sites build on the Blogger platform? If so, your pages can be dynamically built around the rich content from your PeoplePond profile by using the PeoplePond Blogger Plugin. 
Keep tabs on US Congress with this handy tool. Enter a zip code and it searches several sites: The Sunlight Foundation, Congresspedia, Center for Responsive Politics, GovTrack.us, and Insitute on Money in State Politics. null congress,deadpool,money,politics, Keep tabs on US Congress with this handy tool. Enter a zip code and it searches several sites: The Sunlight Foundation, Congresspedia, Center for Responsive Politics, GovTrack.us, and Insitute on Money in State Politics.
Twain driver that, instead of getting images from a scanner, gets images from flickr and Yahoo Image Search.  User can search for images and insert them into many applications that support scanning. null deadpool,photo,search, Twain driver that, instead of getting images from a scanner, gets images from flickr and Yahoo Image Search.  User can search for images and insert them into many applications that support scanning.
A Google Gadget presenting F1 standings and results obtained from the Ergast Motor Racing Data API.  You can add the gadget to your web pages or to your Google homepage here: http://ergast.com/mrd/gallery#gadget null cars,F1,racing,sports,widgets, A Google Gadget presenting F1 standings and results obtained from the Ergast Motor Racing Data API.  You can add the gadget to your web pages or to your Google homepage here: http://ergast.com/mrd/gallery#gadget
A desktop Twitter client that allows 12seconds.tv  video playback directly within the program. null microblogging,video, A desktop Twitter client that allows 12seconds.tv  video playback directly within the program.
Autorifi is an automotive news aggregation service, also an automotive database. Autorifi will figure out which automakers and automobile models are mentioned in every post, so people can pick up what they want quickly and save the time. null auto,deadpool, Autorifi is an automotive news aggregation service, also an automotive database. Autorifi will figure out which automakers and automobile models are mentioned in every post, so people can pick up what they want quickly and save the time.
you tube streaming stations. Popularity and related category algorithms. Similar to youtube&#039;s &quot;play all&quot; feature, but does not require the time consuming process of setting up a youtube channel. search for a term, and watch away - no need to click every 45 to 90 seconds. null aggregate,fun,search,video, you tube streaming stations. Popularity and related category algorithms. Similar to youtube&#039;s &quot;play all&quot; feature, but does not require the time consuming process of setting up a youtube channel. search for a term, and watch away - no need to click every 45 to 90 seconds.
Do you use YouTube to listen to your favourite songs? Do you share YouTube video&#039;s through Facebook ? Do you want to share Loops/Playlists with your friends? Check out TubeLoop.com null music,social,video, Do you use YouTube to listen to your favourite songs? Do you share YouTube video&#039;s through Facebook ? Do you want to share Loops/Playlists with your friends? Check out TubeLoop.com
A free Salesforce Appexchange package that displays inline Google Maps within Salesforce using VisualForce. null CRM,enterprise,mapping,sales,widgets, A free Salesforce Appexchange package that displays inline Google Maps within Salesforce using VisualForce.
Displays the trst.me rating of Twitter accounts inline on their profiles. null analytics,ratings, Displays the trst.me rating of Twitter accounts inline on their profiles.
Music videos on demand. Includes data from Last.fm and YouTube. null deadpool,music,video, Music videos on demand. Includes data from Last.fm and YouTube.
This applet uses the Technorati API to compute and display what your blog is worth using the same link to dollar ratio as done in the AOL-Weblogs Inc. deal. null blog,deadpool,finance,money,news, This applet uses the Technorati API to compute and display what your blog is worth using the same link to dollar ratio as done in the AOL-Weblogs Inc. deal.
Extensive motel and accommodation directory. Find information on more than 12,385 motels and 47,831 accommodations. null deadpool,mapping,travel, Extensive motel and accommodation directory. Find information on more than 12,385 motels and 47,831 accommodations.
With Amazon SNS and Nexmo you can reach users in the US and in more than 200 other countries around the world.  Using Nexmo SDK you can easily subscribe your mobile users to a given topic and they will be automatically notified via SMS when you publish messages. null messaging,mobile,sms, With Amazon SNS and Nexmo you can reach users in the US and in more than 200 other countries around the world.  Using Nexmo SDK you can easily subscribe your mobile users to a given topic and they will be automatically notified via SMS when you publish messages.
YourTraces is a people search engine that traces biographies available online. Most of the site is in German. null reference,search, YourTraces is a people search engine that traces biographies available online. Most of the site is in German.
You hear a band at SXSW and you want to join their email list? Text your email into the Band&#039;s SkaFlash number and join their email list.  As a band, putting a sign up list at the merch table is a hassle, and it is a pain in the ass to type all of those emails in, and that&#039;s if you can even read them. Use SkaFlash to let fans text to join your email list. null contacts,email,sms, You hear a band at SXSW and you want to join their email list? Text your email into the Band&#039;s SkaFlash number and join their email list.  As a band, putting a sign up list at the merch table is a hassle, and it is a pain in the ass to type all of those emails in, and that&#039;s if you can even read them. Use SkaFlash to let fans text to join your email list.
A college search site using the Google Maps API to find schools by distance. null college,deadpool,education,mapping,search,university, A college search site using the Google Maps API to find schools by distance.
Get the latest numbers for Dow, NASDAQ and other markets from CNN. Get this concise summary on your WAP capable phone when you use the keyword clipcnnmarkets. null CNN,markets,mobile,stocks,summary,WAP, Get the latest numbers for Dow, NASDAQ and other markets from CNN. Get this concise summary on your WAP capable phone when you use the keyword clipcnnmarkets.
Web-based, fantasy Formula 1 strategy game. Uses the Ergast API for Formula racing data. null auto,cars,games,racing, Web-based, fantasy Formula 1 strategy game. Uses the Ergast API for Formula racing data.
An open source music library and player that organizes your music and allows you access to it online. Set up accounts for your friends to listen, and they can create their own playlists. Uses APIs from Last.fm, Lyricsfly, LyricsWiki and YouTube. null lyrics,music,sharing,video, An open source music library and player that organizes your music and allows you access to it online. Set up accounts for your friends to listen, and they can create their own playlists. Uses APIs from Last.fm, Lyricsfly, LyricsWiki and YouTube.
The Brownstoner Marketplace is a Brooklyn-only real estate listings site for sale and rental properties.  null brooklyn,estate,mapping,nyc,real, The Brownstoner Marketplace is a Brooklyn-only real estate listings site for sale and rental properties. 
Allows users to search, read and request reprints of 4 million public domain books from their mobile phone. Uses APIs from Google Book Search, the Internet Archive and Yahoo BOSS. null books,deadpool,mobile,read,search, Allows users to search, read and request reprints of 4 million public domain books from their mobile phone. Uses APIs from Google Book Search, the Internet Archive and Yahoo BOSS.
Twitter&#039;s cheats, tweaks, tools. null cheats,code,deadpool,messaging,microblogging,tools, Twitter&#039;s cheats, tweaks, tools.
Music information and community member communication spaces are offered this social music mashup site.  null deadpool,lyrics,music,shopping,social,video, Music information and community member communication spaces are offered this social music mashup site. 
Find lyrics and karaoke videos with this mashup. Record it and publish it also. null deadpool,karaoke,lyrics,music,video, Find lyrics and karaoke videos with this mashup. Record it and publish it also.
A mashup of Google Maps, Weather.com and MSN that can help you search the world quickly. null instant,mapping,search, A mashup of Google Maps, Weather.com and MSN that can help you search the world quickly.
This is a tool for navigating the National Public Radio database, which is broken down in the form of Lists (Topics through Biographies). The data is presented as a sortable and clickable table. Text windows and audio are available... null news,NPR,radio, This is a tool for navigating the National Public Radio database, which is broken down in the form of Lists (Topics through Biographies). The data is presented as a sortable and clickable table. Text windows and audio are available...
Amazanian is a search page that filters Amazon.com for items only eligible for Prime or Super Saver Shipping. null bargains,deadpool,shipping,shopping, Amazanian is a search page that filters Amazon.com for items only eligible for Prime or Super Saver Shipping.
QuickResu.me makes it super-simple to build a mobile resume linked to a QR code. null mobile,qr,resume, QuickResu.me makes it super-simple to build a mobile resume linked to a QR code.
A discussion and chat site that supports user profiles with Flickr and Picasa web albums. Includes rich-text messaging with images, public and private chats, nickname detection and filtering by topic. null chat,deadpool,photo,socail, A discussion and chat site that supports user profiles with Flickr and Picasa web albums. Includes rich-text messaging with images, public and private chats, nickname detection and filtering by topic.
TeachStreet helps lifelong learners find great classes and teachers, empowering teachers with robust online tools to manage their teaching businesses, and enabling schools to more effectively generate leads for their classes. null classes,education,mapping,schools,social,teachers, TeachStreet helps lifelong learners find great classes and teachers, empowering teachers with robust online tools to manage their teaching businesses, and enabling schools to more effectively generate leads for their classes.
Search YouTube videos through this Japanese search interface. null deadpool,japan,movies,video, Search YouTube videos through this Japanese search interface.
Greener pastures ranks U.S. cities based on the greenness of their available housing stock. In a graph, each line represent a city&#039;s greenness over time. You can hover over a line to see which city it represents and compare. null realestate,search,visualization, Greener pastures ranks U.S. cities based on the greenness of their available housing stock. In a graph, each line represent a city&#039;s greenness over time. You can hover over a line to see which city it represents and compare.
Spleak is an Instant Messenger based Chatbot as a fun and cool virtual girl. You can chat with her all day long on MSN Messenger. She plays games. She makes jokes. She can give you all kinds of information. Add spleak@homtail.com as a MSN buddy to try. null chat,deadpool,messaging, Spleak is an Instant Messenger based Chatbot as a fun and cool virtual girl. You can chat with her all day long on MSN Messenger. She plays games. She makes jokes. She can give you all kinds of information. Add spleak@homtail.com as a MSN buddy to try.
Search an arbitrary geographic radius for used listings on Craigslist, EBay and Amazon simultaneously. null auction,craigslist,shopping, Search an arbitrary geographic radius for used listings on Craigslist, EBay and Amazon simultaneously.
Real Indoor creates realistic biking experiences while working out on your spin bike or similar devices.  Streetview panoramas and the sophisticated physics engine implement real track simulation.  Tracks from bicycle directions, GPS recordings or  following Streetview panoramas allow for exciting workout experiences.  Real Indoor supports control via webcam gestures as well as contrast enhanced streetview images.   null cycling,html5,mapping,streetview,webcam, Real Indoor creates realistic biking experiences while working out on your spin bike or similar devices.  Streetview panoramas and the sophisticated physics engine implement real track simulation.  Tracks from bicycle directions, GPS recordings or  following Streetview panoramas allow for exciting workout experiences.  Real Indoor supports control via webcam gestures as well as contrast enhanced streetview images.  
Create your own maps and share with friends. null kml,mapping,photo,streetview, Create your own maps and share with friends.
Send an SMS to translate using BabelFish between English and Spanish and receive a call or SMS with the translation. null deadpool,messaging,mobile,sms,Translation,Voice, Send an SMS to translate using BabelFish between English and Spanish and receive a call or SMS with the translation.
Homethinking monitors real estate transactions to know what each agent has done and also customer reviews about the job they did. null mapping,realestate, Homethinking monitors real estate transactions to know what each agent has done and also customer reviews about the job they did.
Slick open-source Muxtape clone that uses the SoundCloud API. null deadpool,music,playlists, Slick open-source Muxtape clone that uses the SoundCloud API.
Morces is a mobile web platform that put businesses on mobile. null business,mobile,tools, Morces is a mobile web platform that put businesses on mobile.
Online secret admirer. You post a message to your crush and your crush will only be notified on February 14th at a time you specify. Your crush will get a message either through SMS or email with a link to see your message on February 14th. null deadpool,fun,holidays,messaging,social, Online secret admirer. You post a message to your crush and your crush will only be notified on February 14th at a time you specify. Your crush will get a message either through SMS or email with a link to see your message on February 14th.
What do you get when you mix pictures from Flickr or Facebook with Chinese fortune cookies in MyChineseFortune.com? You get iPicFortune. It&#039;s a whole new way to view pictures and fortune cookies. null fun,photo,social, What do you get when you mix pictures from Flickr or Facebook with Chinese fortune cookies in MyChineseFortune.com? You get iPicFortune. It&#039;s a whole new way to view pictures and fortune cookies.
A Flash mashup which shows Salesforce.com campaign and lead data with a Google Map to provide analysis of a campaign&#039;s effectiveness. Built using BusinessObjects Xcelsius and contains add-ons from Centigon Solutions and Moss Solution. null analytics,CRM,enterprise,mapping,visualization, A Flash mashup which shows Salesforce.com campaign and lead data with a Google Map to provide analysis of a campaign&#039;s effectiveness. Built using BusinessObjects Xcelsius and contains add-ons from Centigon Solutions and Moss Solution.
Hotel and experiences search mashup. null deadpool,hotels,tours,travel, Hotel and experiences search mashup.
While sites like eBay and Craigslist have made buying and selling venues more accessible, it remains difficult for sellers to simply sell. Wipbox enables sellers to sell better on eBay, Craigslist and other online sites through a quicker and easier tool. null auction,classifieds,craigslist,eBay,Post,research, While sites like eBay and Craigslist have made buying and selling venues more accessible, it remains difficult for sellers to simply sell. Wipbox enables sellers to sell better on eBay, Craigslist and other online sites through a quicker and easier tool.
Trivia game supplies clues, and you must find the answers on a map. Create your own map hunt for other users to play. null deadpool,education,games,mapping,trivia, Trivia game supplies clues, and you must find the answers on a map. Create your own map hunt for other users to play.
An iGoogle gadget that shows the most recent 100 trends, along with a short description of why they are currently trending. null trends,Twitter,widgets, An iGoogle gadget that shows the most recent 100 trends, along with a short description of why they are currently trending.
SemanticTweet - where Twitter meets the semantic web. SemanticTweet is a simple web service that generates a FOAF RDF document for you from your list of Twitter friends and followers. It does this using the Twitter REST and geonames APIs. null foaf,geonames,microblogging,rdf,semantic,semweb, SemanticTweet - where Twitter meets the semantic web. SemanticTweet is a simple web service that generates a FOAF RDF document for you from your list of Twitter friends and followers. It does this using the Twitter REST and geonames APIs.
Yelp user reviews of stores, restaurants, bars and venues placed in context on a Google Map. null deadpool,mapping,reviews, Yelp user reviews of stores, restaurants, bars and venues placed in context on a Google Map.
A Scrabble helper, Scrabble cheat, and Scrabble word finder. When you find a word, you can look it up in the dictionary. null facebook,games,iPhone,lexulous,scrabble, A Scrabble helper, Scrabble cheat, and Scrabble word finder. When you find a word, you can look it up in the dictionary.
Find podcasts then listen to them in an online Ajax player. null deadpool,podcast, Find podcasts then listen to them in an online Ajax player.
Diner Connection uses the Twilio API and provides restaurants with a easy to use system for wait list management, communication, marketing and data collection.  null messaging,mobile,restaurant, Diner Connection uses the Twilio API and provides restaurants with a easy to use system for wait list management, communication, marketing and data collection. 
GoodBad.me is a twitter mashup that keeps track of your good and back deeds. You can compare your good deeds with the others bad ones or just get a feeling for what kind of evil is going on in the twitterverse. null deadpool,fun,microblogging,social, GoodBad.me is a twitter mashup that keeps track of your good and back deeds. You can compare your good deeds with the others bad ones or just get a feeling for what kind of evil is going on in the twitterverse.
The reverse lookup widget made with premium WhitePages API and hosted on Widgetbox. The widget can search and identify various types of numbers (mobile, landline, unlisted, etc.). For each number, the following info is retrieved: approximate issuing location, phone line type and carrier company. null reference,search,telephony,widgets, The reverse lookup widget made with premium WhitePages API and hosted on Widgetbox. The widget can search and identify various types of numbers (mobile, landline, unlisted, etc.). For each number, the following info is retrieved: approximate issuing location, phone line type and carrier company.
Having a creative mental block? Don&#039;t worry, you&#039;ve come to the right place. SparkStorm is an online tool based on two very common methods used to energize brainstorms: Random Word and Random Picture. null brainstorm,Dictionary,ideas,Innovation,inspiration,photo, Having a creative mental block? Don&#039;t worry, you&#039;ve come to the right place. SparkStorm is an online tool based on two very common methods used to energize brainstorms: Random Word and Random Picture.
Smarter Alarm is a personalized alarm that reads sports scores, weather, stock prices, news headlines and other information. This Android app utilizes the FanFeedr API to power sports scores.  null mobile,news,reference,social,sports, Smarter Alarm is a personalized alarm that reads sports scores, weather, stock prices, news headlines and other information. This Android app utilizes the FanFeedr API to power sports scores. 
Thinking about college? Map those which fit you best. Select programs, tuition and fees maximum, level of awards, campus setting, and more, including college athletic teams, and get them on the map along with detail information on each one. null college,deadpool,education,mapping,search, Thinking about college? Map those which fit you best. Select programs, tuition and fees maximum, level of awards, campus setting, and more, including college athletic teams, and get them on the map along with detail information on each one.
This is an application that allows you send SMS within the US using your Android phone via cloud service provided by Twilio. Saves money for people who don&#039;t use SMS often; pay only 2c per message when you use Twilio to send or receive SMS. The current version also provides you a way to receive SMS sent to your Twilio number via email.  null messaging,mobile,telephony, This is an application that allows you send SMS within the US using your Android phone via cloud service provided by Twilio. Saves money for people who don&#039;t use SMS often; pay only 2c per message when you use Twilio to send or receive SMS. The current version also provides you a way to receive SMS sent to your Twilio number via email. 
This mashup allows users to enter a US address and returns a map of the address point within the ZIP Code polygon. null boundaries,code,gis,mapping,zip, This mashup allows users to enter a US address and returns a map of the address point within the ZIP Code polygon.
Grupthink allows anyone to explore open-ended topics and questions with everyone, and allows everyone to add answers or vote on existing answers. When that answer is a book, music, or movie, buy it directly via Amazon. null answers,deadpool,reviews,shopping, Grupthink allows anyone to explore open-ended topics and questions with everyone, and allows everyone to add answers or vote on existing answers. When that answer is a book, music, or movie, buy it directly via Amazon.
This word list is updated throughout the day. By viewing the tags, it gives you an idea of what is going on in the world. Think of it as the News Headlines but shorter null deadpool,news,tagging, This word list is updated throughout the day. By viewing the tags, it gives you an idea of what is going on in the world. Think of it as the News Headlines but shorter
A place to find out what&#039;s public about yourself and others. null reference,search,social, A place to find out what&#039;s public about yourself and others.
Users of Stikkit can now use text messaging to send Stikkit notes to their account. You can also retrieve the next to do, or calendar item. null messaging,mobile,sms,social, Users of Stikkit can now use text messaging to send Stikkit notes to their account. You can also retrieve the next to do, or calendar item.
The Genealogy of Influence is an interactive visualization of the Influence domain in Freebase, showing who has influenced whom. null biography,history,reference,visualization, The Genealogy of Influence is an interactive visualization of the Influence domain in Freebase, showing who has influenced whom.
See where Tim is now: he always carries a GPS-enabled mobile phone and data gets plotted on a Google Map (also uses Cloudberry and his own EnGraph). null deadpool,gps,mapping, See where Tim is now: he always carries a GPS-enabled mobile phone and data gets plotted on a Google Map (also uses Cloudberry and his own EnGraph).
metaskim is a news aggregator that keeps you updated on local and world news along with the popular links, videos, tv shows, movies, books and food. null aggregator,feed,local,news,rss,social, metaskim is a news aggregator that keeps you updated on local and world news along with the popular links, videos, tv shows, movies, books and food.
InstaMe is a simple way to see pictures posted on Instagram. Allows everyone to enjoy the Instagram experience, not just iPhone users. null mapping,photo,social, InstaMe is a simple way to see pictures posted on Instagram. Allows everyone to enjoy the Instagram experience, not just iPhone users.
Video surveillance system allowing you to monitor and broadcast images of your home or office to the Internet or a mobile phone. null mobile,photo,security,video,webcam, Video surveillance system allowing you to monitor and broadcast images of your home or office to the Internet or a mobile phone.
A free social networking/micro-blogging service that allows sending and receiving updates known as a Whisp, which can contain up to 300 characters. Contact people via SMS. null blog,deadpool,microblogging,sms,social, A free social networking/micro-blogging service that allows sending and receiving updates known as a Whisp, which can contain up to 300 characters. Contact people via SMS.
LyricStatus allows you to share your favorite lyrics with your Facebook friends. Simply highlight your favorite lines from a song and post straight to Facebook as a status.  You can post lyrics to your own wall, or you can utilize the Facebook Graph API to post to your friends&#039; wall. null lyrics,music,quote,social,status, LyricStatus allows you to share your favorite lyrics with your Facebook friends. Simply highlight your favorite lines from a song and post straight to Facebook as a status.  You can post lyrics to your own wall, or you can utilize the Facebook Graph API to post to your friends&#039; wall.
Location Tools to find a hotspot anywhere in the world by chatting with the JiWire Hotspot Finder for Skype. Get the local weather and traffic reports, local search and get directions. Read local news, as well as local time and weather. null chat,deadpool,mapping,messaging,traffic,wifi, Location Tools to find a hotspot anywhere in the world by chatting with the JiWire Hotspot Finder for Skype. Get the local weather and traffic reports, local search and get directions. Read local news, as well as local time and weather.
Stay connected with your friends and contacts in your social networks, wherever you are. Vodafone Update provides mobile access to Twitter, Facebook and MySpace, combined in a single UI. null contacts,microblogging,social, Stay connected with your friends and contacts in your social networks, wherever you are. Vodafone Update provides mobile access to Twitter, Facebook and MySpace, combined in a single UI.
Tripwolf is a travel guide that aggregates information on travel destinations all across the world. The contest provided ranges from youtube videos to user reviews.  null aggregator,reviews,search,travel, Tripwolf is a travel guide that aggregates information on travel destinations all across the world. The contest provided ranges from youtube videos to user reviews. 
Domlia combines smart algorithms and web services and enables it&#039;s users to analyze their websites and domains just in time. null domain,SEO,tools,url, Domlia combines smart algorithms and web services and enables it&#039;s users to analyze their websites and domains just in time.
Map of Campus Hangouts near college campuses. Includes restaurants, bars, sports venues, museums, and more. Users can add their own listings as well. null college,mapping, Map of Campus Hangouts near college campuses. Includes restaurants, bars, sports venues, museums, and more. Users can add their own listings as well.
Matches music reviews on Pitchforkmedia.com with Rhapsody Playback and Discovery. You can hear content from the latest reviews, or go back and peruse over 2000 past reviews. null deadpool,music,search, Matches music reviews on Pitchforkmedia.com with Rhapsody Playback and Discovery. You can hear content from the latest reviews, or go back and peruse over 2000 past reviews.
Connect to site visitors or email recipients with a simple HTML hyperlink that users click to automatically call you without revealing your real phone number. null deadpool,internet,phone,social,telephony, Connect to site visitors or email recipients with a simple HTML hyperlink that users click to automatically call you without revealing your real phone number.
Type in your city or zip to all the find fast food near you. null food,local,mapping,restaurant, Type in your city or zip to all the find fast food near you.
A JavaScript-based mashup engine that runs entirely on your web browser. No software installation, no server hosting. Numerous web services are now available and mashable under this JavaScript engine. null mapping,photo,tools,video, A JavaScript-based mashup engine that runs entirely on your web browser. No software installation, no server hosting. Numerous web services are now available and mashable under this JavaScript engine.
Overlays statistical data on a map of Australia. Uses Google Maps Flash null Australia,deadpool,flash,mapping, Overlays statistical data on a map of Australia. Uses Google Maps Flash
A ranking system for blogs. View the top 100 Indonesian blogs. null blog,blogs,bookmarks,indonesia,internet,ranking, A ranking system for blogs. View the top 100 Indonesian blogs.
Need an excuse to get out of an annoying conversation? On a date that just won&#039;t end? Ask rescu.me to SMS or call you, and get outta there. null dating,deadpool,messaging,sms,telephony,Voice, Need an excuse to get out of an annoying conversation? On a date that just won&#039;t end? Ask rescu.me to SMS or call you, and get outta there.
Search Twitter trend statistics. Search worldwide or narrow your search to one of fifteen different countries. null microblogging,reference,search,social, Search Twitter trend statistics. Search worldwide or narrow your search to one of fifteen different countries.
Restaurant Guide exclusively focused on restaurants that permit you to bring your own (BYO) wine -- covering 10 major metro areas in the U.S. null BYOB,food,losangeles,mapping,newyork,restaurant, Restaurant Guide exclusively focused on restaurants that permit you to bring your own (BYO) wine -- covering 10 major metro areas in the U.S.
This is an open source project (using PHP) for Auto Attendant, which is a telephony app that handles incoming calls and transfer to phone numbers.   Also includes recording voicemail and sending SMS reminder. null directory,IVR,telephony,Voice, This is an open source project (using PHP) for Auto Attendant, which is a telephony app that handles incoming calls and transfer to phone numbers.   Also includes recording voicemail and sending SMS reminder.
An alert system by mobile message and email that allows you to receive alerts when the finance feed of Yahoo changes for your specific ticker symbols. null deadpool,email,finance,mobile,stocks, An alert system by mobile message and email that allows you to receive alerts when the finance feed of Yahoo changes for your specific ticker symbols.
The prototypical mashup: Google Maps + Craigslist to create a visual housing search page via dynamic overlays of Craigslist home listings on Google Maps. null mapping,realestate, The prototypical mashup: Google Maps + Craigslist to create a visual housing search page via dynamic overlays of Craigslist home listings on Google Maps.
Find the connection or six-degrees of separation between topics. Mashes RSS feeds with the ClearForest API. Offers REST and SOAP interfaces so you can build on top of it. All connections exposed through RDF so you can to build the Semantic Web. null deadpool,rdf,rss,search,semantic, Find the connection or six-degrees of separation between topics. Mashes RSS feeds with the ClearForest API. Offers REST and SOAP interfaces so you can build on top of it. All connections exposed through RDF so you can to build the Semantic Web.
Advertising widget that uses customer context information to display targeted product and coupon offers to website visitors. The website publisher keeps all the commission. null ads,advertising,affiliate,deadpool,widgets, Advertising widget that uses customer context information to display targeted product and coupon offers to website visitors. The website publisher keeps all the commission.
Startups.bz is a global program designed to help accelerate the success of early stage startups. Integrates APIs from Alexa and Compete. null business,internet,marketing,startups, Startups.bz is a global program designed to help accelerate the success of early stage startups. Integrates APIs from Alexa and Compete.
Allows you to take flickr feeds and view them as Apple iPhoto photocasts. null deadpool,photo,podcast, Allows you to take flickr feeds and view them as Apple iPhoto photocasts.
You???re seeing live calls as OnSIP customers pick up the phone. When an OnSIP customer makes a call, a pin drops. When an OnSIP customer receives a call, a pin drops.  This works because OnSIP is - at its core - a communications platform built on software. We created a live UDP stream of OnSIP customer call data with IP addresses of each end point (phone).  We used IP2Location to get the lat/long for each IP address, and then plotted these points via the Google Map API.  null google,IP2Location,mapping,telephony,UDP, You???re seeing live calls as OnSIP customers pick up the phone. When an OnSIP customer makes a call, a pin drops. When an OnSIP customer receives a call, a pin drops.  This works because OnSIP is - at its core - a communications platform built on software. We created a live UDP stream of OnSIP customer call data with IP addresses of each end point (phone).  We used IP2Location to get the lat/long for each IP address, and then plotted these points via the Google Map API. 
Craigslist Housing plus GoogleMaps mashup for Honolulu, and other cities. null deadpool,hawaii,realestate, Craigslist Housing plus GoogleMaps mashup for Honolulu, and other cities.
A Google-Maps/Amazon mash-up for finding books that take place where you&#039;re traveling. Browse or search the map and make your next destination come alive! null books,locations,mapping,travel, A Google-Maps/Amazon mash-up for finding books that take place where you&#039;re traveling. Browse or search the map and make your next destination come alive!
Save time and keep up on the latest Web 2.0 news right from one browser toolbar. The Free Web 2.0 Toolbar aggregates the best of Social Search, Social Bookmarking, Social Pics, Social Video and Social News websites. null bookmarks,deadpool,rss,social, Save time and keep up on the latest Web 2.0 news right from one browser toolbar. The Free Web 2.0 Toolbar aggregates the best of Social Search, Social Bookmarking, Social Pics, Social Video and Social News websites.
View local business and other shops around your neighborhood when you search for a zipcode, city, or state in the US. null local,mapping, View local business and other shops around your neighborhood when you search for a zipcode, city, or state in the US.
the latest in music artists and song info. Integrates APIs including MTV, YouTube and Yahoo BOSS. null celebrity,deadpool,music,video, the latest in music artists and song info. Integrates APIs including MTV, YouTube and Yahoo BOSS.
TopTechPhoto Space is a Lightroom plugin which allows easy storage for catalogs content onto a network(Dropbox, FTP, sFTP or samba) server, instead of a computer internal HDD, freeing up storage space there. It also enables users to share catalog images with others. null photo,plugin,sharing,storage, TopTechPhoto Space is a Lightroom plugin which allows easy storage for catalogs content onto a network(Dropbox, FTP, sFTP or samba) server, instead of a computer internal HDD, freeing up storage space there. It also enables users to share catalog images with others.
Plots the location of over 130 zoos, safari parks, butterfly farms and other wildlife attractions throughout the UK. null mapping,search,uk,visualization, Plots the location of over 130 zoos, safari parks, butterfly farms and other wildlife attractions throughout the UK.
View popular deal threads from FatWallet and SlickDeals forums in a form of a tag cloud. More popular threads have larger tags. null deadpool,shopping,visualization, View popular deal threads from FatWallet and SlickDeals forums in a form of a tag cloud. More popular threads have larger tags.
Tired of hunting down those elusive Nintendo Wiis? Use this Google Gadget, a live ticker displaying all the Nintendo Wiis on sale on your chosen eBay site. Supports US, UK and Australian eBay sites. Use it and grab a bargain! null auction,shopping,widgets, Tired of hunting down those elusive Nintendo Wiis? Use this Google Gadget, a live ticker displaying all the Nintendo Wiis on sale on your chosen eBay site. Supports US, UK and Australian eBay sites. Use it and grab a bargain!
Browsable directory of schools in England. Features include maps, streetview and graphs of number and age of pupils. null education,mapping,schools,uk, Browsable directory of schools in England. Features include maps, streetview and graphs of number and age of pupils.
Cool online music player. Alternative to Lala or grooveshark. Over 8 million songs streaming all free. You can create your own playlist and share it with friends. Fully integrated with Facebook (friendsandmusic app). null deadpool,music,social,video, Cool online music player. Alternative to Lala or grooveshark. Over 8 million songs streaming all free. You can create your own playlist and share it with friends. Fully integrated with Facebook (friendsandmusic app).
Springer Quotes lets you search more than 80,000 articles from Springer&#039;s open access journals. This application won the Springer API Challenge 1.0. null reference,search, Springer Quotes lets you search more than 80,000 articles from Springer&#039;s open access journals. This application won the Springer API Challenge 1.0.
Online running log service with local search and sharing using Google maps. Running log has nice graphing features. null mapping,sports, Online running log service with local search and sharing using Google maps. Running log has nice graphing features.
Top Business Schools in US as reported in US News and World Report: GMAT Score, Avg Tuition, Avg Salary. null mapping, Top Business Schools in US as reported in US News and World Report: GMAT Score, Avg Tuition, Avg Salary.
Browse Amazon Catalog for Movies, Books, Music, Electronic gadgets and more! By using affiliate account, you can get paid too! null advertising,affiliate,ecommerce,shopping, Browse Amazon Catalog for Movies, Books, Music, Electronic gadgets and more! By using affiliate account, you can get paid too!
Realtime content from bestplacetolive.com helps users find job opportunties, travel and leisure destiniations, real estate trends, concerts and more in over 1500 cities.  null realestate,reference,search, Realtime content from bestplacetolive.com helps users find job opportunties, travel and leisure destiniations, real estate trends, concerts and more in over 1500 cities. 
Enables Washington Post readers to find recommended content by navigating through the most important people, places, and things mentioned in an article. Go to any article on the WP and notice the Evri API powered widget in the lower left corner. null deadpool,news,newspaper,reference,semantic,widgets, Enables Washington Post readers to find recommended content by navigating through the most important people, places, and things mentioned in an article. Go to any article on the WP and notice the Evri API powered widget in the lower left corner.
CensusViewer shows all census information from the 2000 and 2010 census inside of Bing Maps.  The data can be colored by race, ethnicity, age, county, city, etc.  CensusViewer allows you to filter by any attribute and generate heat maps.  The data can be downloaded in easy spreadsheets per census block, zip code, city, county or any other distict. null census,mapping,population, CensusViewer shows all census information from the 2000 and 2010 census inside of Bing Maps.  The data can be colored by race, ethnicity, age, county, city, etc.  CensusViewer allows you to filter by any attribute and generate heat maps.  The data can be downloaded in easy spreadsheets per census block, zip code, city, county or any other distict.
Who said that waiting at the airport should be an atomic bore? Nonsense. As long as you can use a service like WhileWairport, then waiting for your plane is going to be something productive. This service lets you get real-time information about flights and airlines directly on your mobile, and have that shared with all of your contacts on sites like Facebook and Twitter. Which means that if your plane is going to be late, then youa??ll be able to let everybody know about such a thing without having to make a single call, or even send a single SMS. A simple social update will do.  And the social scope of this service doesna??t stop at that. No, WhileWairport lets you meet up with people who are in the same airport that you find yourself in. You can look for people who share your same hobbies and interests, and have a much more pleasant wait if your flighta??s been delayed.  And WhileWairport is useful for finding people to share taxis with, too. Simply make it clear where it is you are supposed to get to, and if therea??s any matches then the application will instantly let you know as much. WhileWairport.com In Their Own Words WhileWairport offers services to make the most of the time waiting at the airport. Some Questions About WhileWairport.com Based on the way people are using this service, which airports are the busiest in the world right now?  null flights,schedules,social, Who said that waiting at the airport should be an atomic bore? Nonsense. As long as you can use a service like WhileWairport, then waiting for your plane is going to be something productive. This service lets you get real-time information about flights and airlines directly on your mobile, and have that shared with all of your contacts on sites like Facebook and Twitter. Which means that if your plane is going to be late, then youa??ll be able to let everybody know about such a thing without having to make a single call, or even send a single SMS. A simple social update will do.  And the social scope of this service doesna??t stop at that. No, WhileWairport lets you meet up with people who are in the same airport that you find yourself in. You can look for people who share your same hobbies and interests, and have a much more pleasant wait if your flighta??s been delayed.  And WhileWairport is useful for finding people to share taxis with, too. Simply make it clear where it is you are supposed to get to, and if therea??s any matches then the application will instantly let you know as much. WhileWairport.com In Their Own Words WhileWairport offers services to make the most of the time waiting at the airport. Some Questions About WhileWairport.com Based on the way people are using this service, which airports are the busiest in the world right now? 
Ever wanted to see all your Google Contacts on a map? With the &quot;Google Contacts Map&quot; you can easily do so. null contacts,google,mapping,weather, Ever wanted to see all your Google Contacts on a map? With the &quot;Google Contacts Map&quot; you can easily do so.
A group calling application that allows you to invite up to 5 conference participants. When the call leader clicks Start Conference, dukaUS automatically calls each participant to allow them to join your group call. null deadpool,telephony,VoIP, A group calling application that allows you to invite up to 5 conference participants. When the call leader clicks Start Conference, dukaUS automatically calls each participant to allow them to join your group call.
Synchronize Microsoft Outlook and Google Calendar with this Windows utility. Requires .Net 2.0 and Outlook 2003 or higher. null calendar,office,outlook,windows, Synchronize Microsoft Outlook and Google Calendar with this Windows utility. Requires .Net 2.0 and Outlook 2003 or higher.
Helioid categorizes your search results so that you can find and explore what you???re looking for by interactively narrowing your search results. null exploration,reference,refinement,search, Helioid categorizes your search results so that you can find and explore what you???re looking for by interactively narrowing your search results.
A meta search engine with images, videos and news. Enabled by social search.  null news,photo,search,video, A meta search engine with images, videos and news. Enabled by social search. 
Utility application built using the eBay API that allows you to display your eBay auctions on your blog or website. null auction, Utility application built using the eBay API that allows you to display your eBay auctions on your blog or website.
Record store, organize and share your VoIP conversations. With this tool you can record and save Skype, Gtalk, VoipCheap, VoipStunt, VoipBuster, 12Voip, Yahoo Messenger, MSN Live, and Globe7. null messaging,telephony,Voice, Record store, organize and share your VoIP conversations. With this tool you can record and save Skype, Gtalk, VoipCheap, VoipStunt, VoipBuster, 12Voip, Yahoo Messenger, MSN Live, and Globe7.
Using API&#039;s to track prices of books and ebooks:  Get best deals for your books and ebooks, in your currency and with shipping cost included.  Manage your booka??s shopping list and get notifications on price drops.  Discover new books on the best sellers list. Find free ebooks.  null books,deals,search,shopping, Using API&#039;s to track prices of books and ebooks:  Get best deals for your books and ebooks, in your currency and with shipping cost included.  Manage your booka??s shopping list and get notifications on price drops.  Discover new books on the best sellers list. Find free ebooks. 
Search any keyword or product from Amazon, eBay and Google. A search engine and comparison site. null auction,comparison,deadpool,search,shopping, Search any keyword or product from Amazon, eBay and Google. A search engine and comparison site.
A color and typography experiment using the COLOURLovers API. Members of the site have &quot;discovered&quot; and named millions of colors and this app allows a new way to visualize them by focusing on their given titles. null color,colour,type,typography,visualization,words, A color and typography experiment using the COLOURLovers API. Members of the site have &quot;discovered&quot; and named millions of colors and this app allows a new way to visualize them by focusing on their given titles.
WeGooo wants to help you live better in the city you?re in or the city you want to be in. It can put your finger on the pulse in each city to help you understand the spirit of the people who inhabit it. enjoy! Formerly called enjoyeverywhere. null arts,events,mapping,music,nightlife,travel, WeGooo wants to help you live better in the city you?re in or the city you want to be in. It can put your finger on the pulse in each city to help you understand the spirit of the people who inhabit it. enjoy! Formerly called enjoyeverywhere.
MLS IDX mapping solution for real estate professionals.  The link currently shows housing data from SoCalMLS, but housing data from many other MLSs across the country is also available for real estate agents / brokers licensed in those respective areas. null mapping,realestate,rss, MLS IDX mapping solution for real estate professionals.  The link currently shows housing data from SoCalMLS, but housing data from many other MLSs across the country is also available for real estate agents / brokers licensed in those respective areas.
Score Chief is a game portal. The games are coming from Mochi Media via their feeds. Their score api is also used to register user scores. Users login using their Facebook account and when they get a high-score the script can post to their wall.For comments the Facebook Social comment plugin is used on the portal null facebook,games,login,score,social, Score Chief is a game portal. The games are coming from Mochi Media via their feeds. Their score api is also used to register user scores. Users login using their Facebook account and when they get a high-score the script can post to their wall.For comments the Facebook Social comment plugin is used on the portal
A 4-in-1 search application to display (1) web search, (2) images, (3) news, and (4) video results from single query.  null news,photo,search,Translation,video, A 4-in-1 search application to display (1) web search, (2) images, (3) news, and (4) video results from single query. 
Add video search to your website and display them. Search Youtube, Google video, Metacafe, Revver, Mefeedia, and Blip.tv. null search,video, Add video search to your website and display them. Search Youtube, Google video, Metacafe, Revver, Mefeedia, and Blip.tv.
OpenMass.org brings together official government data, news and blog coverage to give you the real story behind what is going on in the Massachusetts Legislature. null deadpool,government,Massachusetts,ruby,search, OpenMass.org brings together official government data, news and blog coverage to give you the real story behind what is going on in the Massachusetts Legislature.
A realtime search engine of all the images being posted to Twitter. null photo,search,social,video, A realtime search engine of all the images being posted to Twitter.
AskJot is a tool for analyzing web pages for keywords. Use its page analysis to find keyword links to custom search results pages that search multiple services at once for that keyword. null analysis,auction,reference,semantic,shopping,wiki, AskJot is a tool for analyzing web pages for keywords. Use its page analysis to find keyword links to custom search results pages that search multiple services at once for that keyword.
Unravel The Music is a song meanings website where users can share song meanings, rate them, comment on songs, and interact with other users in a variety of ways. null artists,deadpool,lyrics,meanings,Similar,song, Unravel The Music is a song meanings website where users can share song meanings, rate them, comment on songs, and interact with other users in a variety of ways.
PhoneBackr is a mashup that acts like a searchable reverse telephone directory. PhoneBackr simulates the functions of a reverse telephone directory using search data and various APIs. The results are then rendered on a Yahoo Flash Map. null deadpool,mapping,reference,search, PhoneBackr is a mashup that acts like a searchable reverse telephone directory. PhoneBackr simulates the functions of a reverse telephone directory using search data and various APIs. The results are then rendered on a Yahoo Flash Map.
VideoTag is a one-player tagging game. Tag some of the funniest YouTube videos, avoid the pitfalls and progress to the next level. See if you can make the top of the leaderboard and become the ultimate video tagger.  null games,video, VideoTag is a one-player tagging game. Tag some of the funniest YouTube videos, avoid the pitfalls and progress to the next level. See if you can make the top of the leaderboard and become the ultimate video tagger. 
Price comparison shopping with experts advice. null comparison,shopping, Price comparison shopping with experts advice.
Takes addresses submitted with a Formstack form and displays the locations on a Google Maps map. null forms,mapping, Takes addresses submitted with a Formstack form and displays the locations on a Google Maps map.
See lots of useful bus route and status data on this CTA mashup for the Chicago Transit Authority. Lets you click on a link for Route Progress and set an alarm to receive a pop-up notification on your computer when a bus has reached a selected stop. null bus,chicago,mapping,realtime,transit, See lots of useful bus route and status data on this CTA mashup for the Chicago Transit Authority. Lets you click on a link for Route Progress and set an alarm to receive a pop-up notification on your computer when a bus has reached a selected stop.
Highly customized search engine for searching Hindi songs, with audio, video, and lyrics. null Hindi,music,search,video, Highly customized search engine for searching Hindi songs, with audio, video, and lyrics.
The phone number search widget made with the premium WP API. Works great for detecting the numbers carrier, approximate registered address and line type. Land lines are traced via whitepages and mobile numbers - via premium databases. null phone,reference, The phone number search widget made with the premium WP API. Works great for detecting the numbers carrier, approximate registered address and line type. Land lines are traced via whitepages and mobile numbers - via premium databases.
Search for homes, get estimates for homes using Zillow, and find lenders for financing your home purchase. null mapping,realestate, Search for homes, get estimates for homes using Zillow, and find lenders for financing your home purchase.
Mashup of Google Maps and more than 20000 hotels and motels in the USA. null deadpool,hotels,mapping,travel, Mashup of Google Maps and more than 20000 hotels and motels in the USA.
Choose a country and a category to get a real-time, auto-updating feed of eBay auctions that are about to end. null ajax,auction,realtime,shopping, Choose a country and a category to get a real-time, auto-updating feed of eBay auctions that are about to end.
An app that uses SoundClouds API to play songs from the cloud on your profile. PHP source code available. null music,php,social,source, An app that uses SoundClouds API to play songs from the cloud on your profile. PHP source code available.
A Google Maps mashup of all accredited schools in the United States. null college,deadpool,education,mapping,reference, A Google Maps mashup of all accredited schools in the United States.
Use NavDog.com for finding community events, fairs, carnivals, charity events, sales, promotions, open houses, road side markets and vendors. null deadpool,events,mapping,shopping, Use NavDog.com for finding community events, fairs, carnivals, charity events, sales, promotions, open houses, road side markets and vendors.
Small JavaScript snippets which allow third parties to place product information pulled via the TourCMS Marketplace API onto their websites. For example listing all of the travel products in a particular area. null travel,widget, Small JavaScript snippets which allow third parties to place product information pulled via the TourCMS Marketplace API onto their websites. For example listing all of the travel products in a particular area.
A mobile widget that uses the Google Translate API to convert across 10 different languages from any Nokia S60 series phone. Works with English, Chinese, Italian, French, German and others.  null mobile,nokia,Translation,widgets, A mobile widget that uses the Google Translate API to convert across 10 different languages from any Nokia S60 series phone. Works with English, Chinese, Italian, French, German and others. 
DocJax is a search engine for documents, which allow you to search documents and e-books, preview them and even download them for free. null document,download,ebook,office,pdf,search, DocJax is a search engine for documents, which allow you to search documents and e-books, preview them and even download them for free.
Yoga directory that provides live maps in the listings. null mapping,sports, Yoga directory that provides live maps in the listings.
Play your last.fm recent scrobbles in Spotify null music,search,streaming, Play your last.fm recent scrobbles in Spotify
View all Track info, track layouts, and links to track specific information for all 32 NASCAR tracks. null cars,mapping,nascar,sports, View all Track info, track layouts, and links to track specific information for all 32 NASCAR tracks.
A mashup between Yahoo Answers and the Blogger API. Contents are retrieved on the fly from Yahoo Answers and auto-posted to Blogger. null blog,deadpool,SEO, A mashup between Yahoo Answers and the Blogger API. Contents are retrieved on the fly from Yahoo Answers and auto-posted to Blogger.
For restaurants who are tired of keeping customers chained to a small radius with those antiquated pagers. Keeps your waiting list for you and uses text messages to notify customers when their table is ready. null business,food,messaging,restaurant,telephony, For restaurants who are tired of keeping customers chained to a small radius with those antiquated pagers. Keeps your waiting list for you and uses text messages to notify customers when their table is ready.
An interactive Periodic Table of top Heavy Metal bands grouped by genre. Uses the Echonest and Last.fm APIs to display band information and images and links to watch videos, listen to songs and easily find more information on the bands. null fun,music,search,steaming, An interactive Periodic Table of top Heavy Metal bands grouped by genre. Uses the Echonest and Last.fm APIs to display band information and images and links to watch videos, listen to songs and easily find more information on the bands.
Interactive timelines shows the top story for each day, in each category, since the day Digg launched. All this data is organized on the Dipity timeline, list, map and flipbook views. You can also do a keyword search to find all the matching stories. null deadpool,headlines,news,timeline,topstories, Interactive timelines shows the top story for each day, in each category, since the day Digg launched. All this data is organized on the Dipity timeline, list, map and flipbook views. You can also do a keyword search to find all the matching stories.
A repetitive learning tool for young minds ...and a refresher course for more refined minds. null deadpool, A repetitive learning tool for young minds ...and a refresher course for more refined minds.
